ugandan uganda
elf elfo
octopus polpo
hannibal hanibalo
compute komputi
withstand rezisti
naive naiva
vase vazo
azores acoroj
bulb bulbo
bulb ampolo
ode odo
aqueduct akvedukto
rubbish rubo
rubbish ruboj
dim malluma
dim krepuska
dim nebuligi
bazaar bazaro
trieste triesto
magdalena magdaleno
mist nebulo
amend amendi
lure logi
diversion distro
diversion distrado
gunner artileriano
obey obei
prism prismo
octagonal okangula
sorrow malgajeco
gunpowder pulvo
babylonian babilona
siam tajlando
siam siamo
daphne dafno
scent odoro
stature staturo
compile kompili
candle kandelo
parcel parcelo
parcel paketo
godfather baptopatro
cuckoo kukolo
breeze brizo
breeze venteto
madeira madejro
frankish franka
congenital denaska
tolerate toleri
menace minaco
menace minaci
shrew megero
greyhound leporhundo
galician galica
kilometer kilometro
czar caro
ape simio
magnesium magnezio
athena ateno
privileged privilegia
acquaintance konateco
acquaintance konato
socket ingo
impress impresi
impress imponi
despair malespero
despair malesperi
undermine subfosi
trustworthy fidinda
erroneous erara
guatemalan gvatemala
paddle padelo
hostel gastejo
sticky glueca
mallorca majorko
motel motelo
psalm psalmo
cactus kakto
mule mulo
serum sero
serum serumo
kindness afableco
tempest tempesto
upstairs supre
sincere sincera
awake maldorma
admiration admiro
multiply multipliki
multiply multobligi
untrue malvera
untrue nevera
brace krampo
brace armaturo
brace stajo
equator ekvatoro
vulcan vulkano
sibling gefrato
poisonous venena
accompaniment akompano
accompaniment akompanado
trajectory trajektorio
anarchy anarkio
calculator kalkulilo
heraldry heraldiko
coyote kojoto
omnibus buso
omnibus omnibuso
drastic drasta
laughter ridado
abstraction ekstraktado
abstraction forrabo
volta voltao
malacca malako
titanium titanio
accelerate akceli
accelerate plirapidigi
accelerate plifruigi
mustard mustardo
flock grego
trillion triliono
descend malsupreniri
descend descendi
thoughtful meditema
mediate mediacii
radically radikale
litter portilo
stimulate instigi
stimulate stimuli
stimulate vigligi
stimulate inciti
stimulate sproni
stimulate plivigligi
humane humana
eel angilo
abandonment forlaso
abandonment cedo
abandonment natureco
abandonment dezerteco
elastic elasta
crook fripono
temptation tento
turk turko
aden adeno
mesopotamia mezopotamio
overture uverturo
overture preludo
woodpecker pego
endeavour klopodi
endeavour peni
partridge perdriko
indictment kulpigo
oven forno
oven bakforno
temperament temperamento
charcoal lignokarbo
lesotho lesoto
salad salato
messina mesino
indus induso
applicant petanto
riddle enigmo
apocalyptic apokalipsa
foliage foliaro
inexpensive malmultekosta
inexpensive malkara
glow ardo
telegram telegramo
criticize kritiki
sportsman sportisto
lace punto
arrogant aroganta
arrogant pretendema
arrogant malmodesta
arrogant aroga
swaziland svazilando
calabria kalabrio
boo hu
nightingale najtingalo
cellar kelo
avail utili
occult okulta
picturesque pitoreska
achilles akilo
stir vigleco
stir kirli
spoon kulero
spoon kulerego
magyar madjaro
helix helico
grill krado
cautious singarda
cautious singardema
evacuate evakui
imperialism imperiismo
imperialism imperialismo
atheism ateismo
worthless senvalora
shamrock trifolio
inference konkludo
peat torfo
rendezvous rendevuo
berber berbero
intermittent intermita
rumor famo
rumor onidiro
jehovah jehovo
penelope penelopo
microscope mikroskopo
forehead frunto
gnome gnomo
instinct instinkto
pulpit katedro
viper vipuro
foolish stulta
penetrate penetri
hermit ermito
pavement trotuaro
pavement pavimo
registrar registristo
ayr ajro
tailor tajloro
tailor tajlorino
tailor tajlori
nocturnal nokta
unilateral unuflanka
trough trogo
limburg limburgo
lid kovrilo
tendentious tendenca
barbarian barbaro
familiarity konateco
polynesia polinezio
clover trifolio
couch divano
couch kanapo
rubble rubo
confess konfesi
athenian atena
athenian atenano
paranoid paranoja
risky riska
borrow prunti
borrow pruntepreni
catastrophic katastrofa
mango mango
oder odro
arbitrarily arbitre
maestro majstro
pill pilolo
fjord fjordo
folder kajero
folder dosierujo
poppy papavo
poppy papaveto
dakar dakaro
slug limako
anatomical anatomia
faint malforta
faint sveno
faint sveni
insulation izolado
aromatic aroma
misery mizero
explode eksplodi
breakaway secesio
sporadic sporada
smallpox variolo
lust pasio
lust volupto
gratitude danko
gratitude dankemo
enigma enigmo
insanity frenezo
insanity frenezeco
whisky viskio
eocene eoceno
parisian pariza
parisian parizano
bodily korpa
alcoholism alkoholismo
distracted distrita
furnished meblita
optimistic optimisma
ligament ligamento
presumption pretendo
presumption aroganteco
presumption pretendemo
persist persisti
utopia utopio
dentist dentisto
corsica korsiko
corsica korsikio
skirt jupo
inorganic neorganika
phosphorus fosforo
accelerator akcelilo
kettle kaldrono
unicorn unukornulo
javanese java
heresy herezo
enjoyable agrabla
gigantic giganta
hornet ojstro
jura juro
laborers laboristoj
yemeni jemena
mummy mumio
violently perforte
violently violente
characterize karakterizi
transliteration transskribo
pronounce prononci
pronounce elparoli
berliner berlinano
polynesian polinezia
tuna tinuso
abstain abstini
abstain sindeteni
resin rezino
andalusia andaluzio
andalusia andaluzujo
braille brajlo
braille brajlo
commence komenci
archduke arkiduko
bandit bandito
circumstance cirkonstanco
necklace koliero
liter litro
sewer kloako
vanilla vanilo
calf bovido
calf suro
heap amaso
heap stako
heap amasigi
heap akumuli
coarse malglata
coarse maldelikata
coarse maleleganta
cigar cigaro
bless beni
rudder direktilo
rudder rudro
deserving inda
blindness blindeco
embankment digo
absorbing fascina
absorbing interesega
anxious maltrankvila
anxious maltrankviliga
anxious sopiranta
cocoa kakao
rebellious ribelema
cassandra kasandro
ammonia amoniako
ammonia amonio
vulture vulturo
vulture kadavrogrifo
peking pekino
steer direkti
steer stiri
impartial senpartia
pious pia
moravia moravio
notebook kajero
notebook notlibro
himalayas himalajoj
inhibit malhelpi
inhibit malebligi
raft floso
boon beno
zodiac zodiako
goodness boneco
transvaal transvalo
bra mamzono
comfortably agrable
cock virkoko
cock kaco
accessory akcesora
accessory komplico
accessory aneksa
adorned ornamita
continual konstanta
greeting saluto
greeting salutado
greeting bonvenigo
lame lama
hermes hermeso
slap vangofrapo
trousers pantalono
orthography ortografio
outset eko
majestic majesta
spelt spelto
bastard bastardo
bastard bastarda
fascinated fascinita
cracked krevinta
entertain gastigi
entertain distri
entertain regali
afrikaans afrikansa
brandy brando
brandy konjako
ratification ratifo
chunk bulo
cipher cifero
tatar tatara
frivolous vanta
frivolous frivola
angolan angola
quadrangle kvarangulo
simplify simpligi
reunite reunuigi
beautifully bele
labourers laboristoj
assimilation asimilado
assimilation asimilo
etiquette etiketo
swiftly rapide
peanut arakido
heroism heroeco
noisy brua
ozone ozono
excessively ekscese
schism skismo
axiom aksiomo
thrush turdo
pinnacle montsupro
bladder veziko
fearless sentima
pandora pandoro
periphery periferio
climatic klimata
flavour aromo
flavour gustigi
bumper bufro
dusk krepusko
dusk duonlumo
commonplace banala
commonplace triviala
brink rando
glide gliti
glide glisi
gall galo
gall gajlo
garlic ajlo
counterfeit imitita
antelope antilopo
reciprocal reciproka
grind mueli
distraction distro
distraction distrado
elemental elementa
transistor transistoro
sizable konsiderinda
barren malfekunda
barren senfrukta
barren nefruktodona
hydra hidro
revise revizii
sentimental sentimenta
pedigree genealogio
hepatitis hepatito
advertiser anoncanto
zebra zebro
nudity nudeco
olympus olimpo
beak beko
hurry rapidi
dorian dorika
accumulate akumuli
childish infana
childish infaneca
carp karpo
perm permo
caller vizitanto
lark alauxdo
anticipate anticipi
robe robo
intellect intelekto
sarcastic sarkasma
antibody antikorpo
asthma astmo
horde hordo
swarm svarmo
dizzy kapturna
expire morti
cinnamon cinamo
myriad miriado
parochial paroka
funnel funelo
parity pareco
cheat trompi
cheat fripono
cheat trompanto
epilepsy epilepsio
sly ruza
holiness sankteco
nectar nektaro
sausage kolbaso
cardboard kartono
cardboard kartona
taxpayer impostpaganto
minerva minervo
condemnation malaprobo
meteorology meteorologio
preach prediki
bonnet kapoto
bonnet kufo
checker kontrolisto
crank kranko
verve vervo
linen tolo
englishman anglo
adultery adulto
uzbek uzbeka
uzbek uzbeko
bacterium bakterio
cloak mantelo
obstruction obstrukcio
sheen brilo
dew roso
sulphur sulfuro
thrace tracio
figurative figura
vulgar vulgara
vulgar triviala
pea pizo
catastrophe katastrofo
weakly malforte
weaken malfortigi
cobalt kobalto
promenade promenejo
knob tenilo
boutique butiko
dough pasto
spectacle spektaklo
abyss abismo
dalmatia dalmacio
ripe matura
spawn frajo
nostalgia nostalgio
slippery glita
ardent arda
impetus instigo
impetus impulso
impetus impeto
impetus stimulo
summon voki
peg aperitivo
stab piki
syrup siropo
streamlined flulinia
lavender lavendo
plank tabulo
unarmed senarma
salamander salamandro
draining drenado
omit preterlasi
glue gluo
glue glui
sacrament sakramento
isolate izoli
provoke provoki
provoke inciti
kremlin kremlo
mysticism mistikismo
modem modemo
plutonium plutonio
argus argo
sweetheart amatino
sweetheart amato
vow voto
vow voti
realist realisto
anomaly anomalio
benign benigna
odin odino
almond migdalo
almond amando
symptom simptomo
rib ripo
rib vergeto
consolation konsolo
creep rampi
boa boao
meuse mozo
cloudy nuba
tortoise testudo
dessert deserto
basalt bazalto
adventurer aventuristo
adventurer aventurulo
carnivorous karnovora
morals moralo
rosary rozario
await atendi
boar virporko
insulted ofendita
flea pulo
invoke alvoki
perfume parfumo
bony osteca
bikini bikino
abolish nuligi
abolish abolicii
abolish aboli
genital genera
circumcision cirkumcido
pelican pelikano
squeeze premi
spade fosi
spade fosilo
spade trafosi
hesitate heziti
calvary kalvario
calvary golgoto
stringent rigora
acorn glano
sturgeon sturgo
larva larvo
embarrassment embaraso
paralysis paralizo
invent eltrovi
invent inventi
invent elpensi
ural uralo
chop haki
abrupt subita
abrupt kruta
abrupt neatendita
abrupt abrupta
abrupt bruska
splinter splito
splinter lignero
sunflower sunfloro
sunflower helianto
hog porko
melon melono
ether etero
ruhr ruro
prometheus prometeo
subsidy subvencio
headache kapdoloro
zoologist zoologo
summons asigno
comb kombilo
comb kombi
luxurious luksa
chlorine kloro
formosa formoso
arthritis artrito
negligence neglektemo
shuffle miksi
selfish egoisma
selfish egoista
childless seninfana
concede koncedi
arsenic arseniko
goblin koboldo
goblin gnomo
overlook preterlasi
uncover malkovri
crawl rampi
latex latekso
styria stirio
broom balailo
broom genisto
gown robo
recapture rekonkeri
clasp agrafo
geographer geografo
geographer geografiisto
wiring drataro
bastion bastiono
pear piro
kibbutz kibuco
exceedingly eksterordinare
kingfisher alciono
kingfisher alcedo
hesitant hezitanta
toast rosti
toast tosto
toast tosti
begging almozpetado
prehistory prahistorio
nicaraguan nikaragva
nicaraguan nikaragvano
fewest malplej
scot skoto
rooster virkoko
stereotype stereotipo
poplar poplo
unimportant negrava
puritan puritana
puritan puritano
reptile reptilio
autopsy sekcado
sadness malgajeco
interrupt interrompi
steppe stepo
sleepy dormema
blond blonda
bantu bantua
err erari
meteorite meteorito
panamanian panama
panamanian panamano
dunkirk dunkerko
riyadh riado
volt volto
sponge spongo
carousel karuselo
micronesia mikronezio
ardennes ardenoj
needless nenecesa
needless senbezona
clique kliko
delicious bongustega
endure elteni
endure suferi
endure toleri
endure elporti
tabernacle tabernaklo
ballast balasto
fireplace kameno
transporter transportisto
stain makuli
courageous sentima
alkaline alkala
acetate acetato
erase gumi
patriotism patriotismo
conclusive konkludiga
pedestal piedestalo
inflated afektita
stalk tigo
stalk trunketo
stalk kulmo
alligator aligatoro
weld veldi
witty sprita
cabbage brasiko
saviour savinto
saviour redemptoro
crippled kripla
hebrides hebridoj
asbestos asbesto
pillow kapkuseno
stitch kudrero
obscene obscena
invincible nevenkebla
excursion ekskurso
frenchman franco
ultimatum ultimato
odor odoro
innate denaska
lucifer satano
lucifer lucifero
starboard tribordo
agitation agito
persuasion persvado
practise ekzerci
epistle epistolo
zenith zenito
hastily haste
shorthand stenografio
shorthand steno
blink palpebrumi
stove forno
rebound resalti
oratory retoriko
babel babilono
babel babelo
distract distri
tropics tropiko
grasshopper akrido
grasshopper lokusto
lyceum liceo
deter fortimigi
dandy dando
enamel emajlo
gallant brava
grease graso
demonic demona
signify signifi
lick leki
robber rabisto
vodka vodko
padre militpastro
asymmetric malsimetria
asymmetric nesimetria
appetite apetito
superfluous superflua
jutland jutlando
enlargement pligrandigo
pyrenees pireneoj
ethos etoso
sober sobra
friesland frislando
volley torento
diminutive malgranda
iodine jodo
astonishing miriga
pumpkin kukurbo
divergent anomalia
cynical cinika
divert distri
divert forkonduki
replying respondado
climber montgrimpanto
climber alpisto
arrivals provizado
arrivals alportado
shorten mallongigi
stubborn obstina
puma pumo
tinker kaldronisto
polka polko
triton tritono
palladium paladio
silhouette silueto
mountaineering alpismo
tapestry tapeto
paving pavimado
hinder malhelpi
hinder malfaciligi
hinder obstrukci
conserve konservi
lobster omaro
lobster langusto
assent jesi
assent jeso
mountaineer montgrimpanto
mountaineer alpisto
byzantium bizanco
helper asistanto
helper helpanto
prosper prosperi
namibian namibia
snowball viburno
cougar pumo
moldavia moldavio
moldavia moldavujo
lullaby lulkanto
skinny magra
romanticism romantiko
psyche psiko
manganese mangano
ecstasy ekstazo
wreath girlando
ruse ruzo
pivot pivoto
pivot pivoti
damp humida
damp humideco
damp malsekeco
forbid malpermesi
allergic alergia
ado bruo
anonymity anonimeco
paranoia paranojo
disapproval malaprobo
bruges brugo
waitress kelnerino
futile vana
miserable malbona
miserable katastrofa
miserable mizera
miserable malgaja
miserable kompatinda
miserable senhava
conscientious konscienca
salomon salomono
fertilizer sterko
hue nuanco
hue kolornuanco
flourish fanfaro
melancholy melankolio
melancholy melankolia
solemn solena
strap rimeno
thigh femuro
barbecue kradrostado
barbecue kradrostilo
debatable kontestebla
jingle tinto
starling sturno
paw piedo
paw kruro
fearful timigita
indra indro
diminish malkreski
yam ignamo
adversary antagonisto
liberian liberia
amur amuro
sloping dekliva
vinegar vinagro
miraculous mirakla
accustomed kutima
calibre kalibro
ravine ravino
ravine montfendo
bleed sangi
sensational sensacia
antibiotic antibiotiko
collide kolizii
collide alveturi
pretext preteksto
condemn kondamni
condemn malaprobi
foreigner fremdulo
foreigner eksterlandano
foreigner alilandano
celsius celsiuso
idiom idiomo
idiom idiotismo
misty nebula
billiards bilardo
envy envio
envy envii
projector projekciilo
ashamed honta
ashamed hontigita
deceptive erariga
tanzanian tanzania
sidewalk trotuaro
removable forprenebla
fable fablo
brute bruta
brute bestio
scooter skutilo
scooter trotilo
shack kabano
shack barako
gecko geko
supervise kontroli
objectionable malaprobinda
pip grajno
grail gralo
scotsman skoto
ossetia osetio
leech hirudo
aeroplane aviadilo
aeroplane aeroplano
midday tagmezo
swine porko
adept adepto
locust akrido
pharmacist farmaciisto
allegory alegorio
andromeda andromedo
mould muldilo
mould modli
mould muldi
vat kuvo
nylon nilono
nylon nilona
parchment pergameno
pudding pudingo
bungalow bangalo
tiberius tiberio
loaf pano
noodles nudelo
waiter kelnero
brothel bordelo
excise akcizo
midget nana
midget nano
bearded barba
rouse stimuli
rouse inciti
rouse sproni
hardness malmoleco
cadre kadro
dowry doto
cultivate kultivi
cultivate kulturi
alder alno
alder alna
spacious vasta
prosecute persekuti
renown distingo
renown famo
renown gloro
renown renomo
renown fameco
sterile sterila
sterile nefruktodona
wrestle lukti
ethic etiko
disperse dispeli
circumference perimetro
circumference cirkonferenco
inspect inspekti
frisian frisa
frisian friso
corinthian korinto
corinthian korinta
playful petolema
allusion aludo
steak bifsteko
validate validigi
dictate dikti
whisper flustri
whisper flustrado
ares areso
chameleon kameleono
analyse analizi
siamese siama
chronicler kronikisto
alp alpo
cheerful gaja
millet milio
delft delfta
tame dresi
warmth varmo
offend ofendi
offend insulti
admire admiri
monologue monologo
lump maso
lump peco
lump fragmento
lump bulo
quarrel disputo
quarrel kverelo
quarrel malpaco
quarrel kvereli
quarrel malpaci
aristocrat aristokrato
tyranny tiraneco
ballerina baletistino
etruscan etruska
recess alkovo
pacifist pacifisto
tendon tendeno
degenerate degenerita
degenerate degeneri
boil boligi
boil boli
subscriber abonanto
acoustics akustiko
tambourine tamburino
jug ujo
jug poto
amphibian amfibio
commute komuti
acknowledgement agnosko
virtuoso virtuozo
refute refuti
yell kriegi
sender sendinto
conjugate konjugacii
monstrous monstra
orator oratoro
overlay tegi
bracelet brakringo
bracelet braceleto
extraordinarily eksterordinare
barefoot nudpieda
fanfare fanfaro
seam junto
seam suturo
seam kunkudro
canine hunda
chromium kromo
bribe korupti
indifferent indiferenta
coping firsto
advantageous utila
advantageous favora
exert praktiki
oscillator oscilo
granny avinjo
fatherland patrujo
refinement bonmaniereco
wander migri
wander vagi
admirable admirinda
hummingbird kolibro
gully montfendo
orpheus orfeo
numeral numero
numeral cifero
ornament ornamo
ornament ornami
ornament dekori
serenade serenado
greedy avida
infer konkludi
dreamer revulo
amen amen
arable plugebla
pineapple ananaso
ypres ipro
utopian utopia
careless senatenta
careless neatenta
scissors tondilo
synchronous sinkrona
counsellor konsilanto
melodrama melodramo
castor kastoro
interruption interrompo
heater hejtilo
discomfort malkomforto
cough tuso
cough tusi
neapolitan napola
extravagant ekstravaganca
goliath goliato
ibis ibiso
sickle serpo
ordinarily kutime
ordinarily normale
ascertain konstati
plead pledi
stork cikonio
sarcasm sarkasmo
hostess gastejestrino
hostess gastigantino
mekong mekongo
willingly volonte
imitate imiti
alluvial aluvia
earthly tera
expel forpeli
assortment sortimento
optimism optimismo
oppressed premita
vagina vagino
stag vircervo
formulate formuli
pooh ba
flop malsukcesego
adhesion adhero
atelier ateliero
housewife dommastrino
kitten katido
amphitheatre amfiteatro
parapet balustrado
cider cidro
stew raguo
eros amoro
intestine intesto
admirer admiranto
rhinoceros rinocero
dogma dogmo
zeal fervoro
raspberry frambo
fetch alporti
gibbon gibono
snare kaptilo
snare insido
tungsten volframo
assisi asizo
civilized civilizita
bedouin bedueno
abbess abatino
cordon kordono
decorate ornami
decorate dekori
penthouse markezo
beginner komencanto
decider finalo
transitive transitiva
symbolize simboli
asterisk steleto
asterisk asterisko
cunning ruza
cunning malico
cunning ruzeco
wig peruko
subscribe aboni
cupola kupolo
contour konturo
equip ekipi
imp koboldo
viennese viena
viennese vienano
encode kodigi
concave kava
slander kalumnio
slander kalumnii
workman laboristo
comrade kamarado
progeny posteuloj
mesozoic mezozoiko
infect infekti
rancher bienisto
radiator radiatoro
blackbird merlo
quail koturno
extortion elpremo
repay repagi
satanic satana
weary enua
berne berno
pantomime pantomimo
chatter babili
incline klini
incline inklini
biscuit biskvito
colossal kolosa
needy senhava
ionian ionika
bleak malhela
bleak malvarma
bleak malagrabla
bleak melankolia
bleak malgaja
bleak malmilda
tray pleto
townhall urbdomo
ramadan ramadano
tulip tulipo
dues kotizo
stylus grifelo
fruitful fruktodona
speciality fako
annunciation anunciacio
alkali alkalo
carrot karoto
recollection memoro
recollection rememoro
recollection rememorigo
albatross albatroso
sticker glumarko
comical komika
rub froti
doric dorika
incest incesto
adventurous aventura
adventurous aventurema
calypso kalipso
conspire konspiri
illiterate analfabeto
illiterate analfabeta
grotto groto
secretion sekrecio
dragonfly libelo
incense incenso
agony angoro
agony agonio
etching akvaforto
equinox ekvinokso
beggar almozulo
beggar almozpetanto
ascend supreniri
ascend surgrimpi
allergy alergio
medusa meduzo
paleolithic paleolitiko
leprosy lepro
porcupine histriko
pliocene plioceno
harem haremo
germ mikrobo
kiln forno
longing sopira
rake rasti
rake rastilo
attica atiko
rumour famo
rumour onidiro
clarion klariono
sledge sledo
wand vergo
layman laiko
tub kuvo
priestly sacerdota
perseus perseo
amon amono
sore ulcero
californian kalifornia
curl buklo
curl kirli
deem rigardi
deem kredi
deem opinii
academician akademiano
knit triki
deformed misformita
grotesque groteska
zambian zambia
cupid amoro
samaritan samaria
samaritan samariano
samaritan samaritano
drown droni
drown dronigi
oscillation oscilado
boron boro
harden hardi
salty sala
ceres cereso
malian malia
seduce delogi
faked imitita
torrent torento
hesitation hezito
hesitation hezitado
adoration adorado
adoration adoro
hemp kanabo
aspiration aspiro
demolish malkonstrui
ruff duelbirdo
artisan metiisto
skeptic skeptikulo
roasted rostita
greet saluti
evoke elvoki
attest atesti
tidy orda
tidy ordigi
helpless senhelpa
subversive subfosa
morphine morfino
inert inerta
walloon valona
walloon valono
janus jano
swahili svahila
swahili svahilo
vosges vogezoj
culprit kulpulo
epiphany epifanio
colossus koloso
urgency insisto
urgency insistado
metamorphosis metamorfozo
dutchman nederlandano
dutchman holandano
hysteria histerio
gloss brilo
gloss gloso
enormously treege
enormously enorme
enormously grandege
paganism paganismo
prudent prudenta
apulia apulio
moderation modero
usurp uzurpi
oppressive sufoka
fragmentary fragmenta
refine rafini
dung feko
grounding terkonekto
downstairs malsupre
gaol malliberejo
gaol prizono
clamp krampo
remit nuligi
plough plugilo
plough plugi
dagestan dagestano
dagestan dagestana
housekeeper mastrumistino
forbidding fortimiga
eos eoso
frontage fronto
ridicule mokado
ridicule ridindigi
ridicule primoki
bile galo
icy glacia
confucius konfuceo
weave teksi
graceful gracia
cultured klera
thirst soifo
trolleybus trolebuso
ounce unco
serene serena
beryl berilo
roast rosti
concubine kromvirino
uphill supren
abode restadejo
abode domicilo
apostrophe apostrofo
appellation nomo
bayonet bajoneto
sycamore acero
sycamore platano
frankfort frankfurto
respiration spirado
augment pligrandigi
chap ulo
compliment komplimento
masquerade maskerado
assyria asirio
fertilization sterkado
opal opalo
cheated trompita
heracles herkulo
zaire kongo
zaire zairio
zaire zairo
everlasting senfina
suitcase valizo
lofty alta
refrigerator fridujo
humility humileco
raccoon prociono
raccoon lavurso
animate animi
authorize rajtigi
susceptibility akceptindeco
fiasco fiasko
croat kroato
oligocene oligoceno
emigrate elmigri
moldavian moldava
moldavian moldavo
abrasive akra
accomplice komplico
iceberg glacimonto
instruct instrukcii
groin ingveno
flamingo flamengo
phenomenal fenomena
archivist arkivisto
degrade degradi
vile malnobla
shaggy vila
consecutively sinsekve
wager veto
wager veti
primrose primolo
bellows balgo
aphrodite afrodito
tumour tumoro
notary notario
arrogance aroganteco
magnetism magnetismo
cavern kaverno
monsignor monsinjoro
assemblage kunveno
assemblage muntado
enlarge pligrandigi
haste hasto
eradicate elradikigi
grit gruzo
kyrgyz kirgiza
abstracted distrita
bookseller librovendisto
andalusian andaluza
andalusian andaluzo
lawless senbrida
fluff lanugo
undecided hezitema
moratorium moratorio
indispensable nemalhavebla
dreadful terura
anvil amboso
sturdy fortika
agar agaragaro
wrapper banderolo
proclaim proklami
puberty adoleskeco
nymph nimfo
digestion digestado
digestion digesto
surpass superi
surpass superatuti
prognosis prognozo
videotape vidbendo
grandiose grandioza
dilapidated kaduka
tilde tildo
silurian siluro
silurian silurio
acupuncture akupunkturo
tricycle triciklo
hypnosis hipnoto
cauldron kaldrono
cushion kuseno
anode anodo
kindle ekbruligi
lunatic frenezulo
anus anuso
acropolis akropolo
plunder rabi
watering akvumado
camelot kameloto
conceive koncipi
eskimo eskimo
harmonious harmonia
sincerity sincereco
sincerity sincero
wallet monujo
uterus utero
youngster junulo
abdication abdiko
deprive senigi
deprive elirigi
deliberation konsidero
loom teksilo
humiliating humiliga
humiliating hontiga
hippo hipopotamo
behold jen
womb utero
executioner ekzekutisto
storming sturmo
storming kuratako
livonia livonio
iliad iliado
incendiary incendia
slavonia slavonio
dismal malhela
dismal mizera
dismal trista
dismal malagrabla
dismal banala
dismal melankolia
dismal malgaja
dismal kompatinda
dismal abomena
dismal morna
dismal malbelega
dismal malserena
anecdote anekdoto
inconvenient malfacila
laotian laosa
flax lino
oats aveno
diligent diligenta
sceptre sceptro
patagonia patagonio
widower vidvo
blasphemy blasfemo
octagon okangulo
belfry belfrido
postman leterportisto
certify certigi
nameless sennoma
majorca majorko
parthian parto
buckle buko
daft frenezeta
sill sojlo
recite deklami
recite reciti
roam migri
roam vagi
banknote bankbileto
sip sorbi
anew denove
delightful rava
overdue nepagita
rattlesnake krotalo
totem totemo
jester arlekeno
unintentional senintenca
spades piko
pheasant fazano
aha ha
aha aha
prudence singardemo
chimes kariljono
chimes sonorilaro
decoy logi
airy aeruma
earthen tera
earthen argila
crucifix krucifikso
cretan kretano
skunk mefito
buffet bufedo
zeeland zelando
asymmetrical malsimetria
asymmetrical nesimetria
skillful lerta
skillful ekzercita
misunderstand miskompreni
acme kulmino
reactionary reakcia
reactionary reakciulo
gist esenco
embodiment enkorpigo
yugoslavian jugoslava
relinquish cedi
spoil difekti
spoil malbonigi
treachery perfido
elegy elegio
barnabas barnabaso
workmen laboristoj
aversion antipatio
treacherous perfida
treacherous perfidema
stool benketo
stool tabureto
nomad nomado
filthy malpura
lilac siringo
lilac lilako
cleft montfendo
sentry gardostaranto
secluded izola
aspire aspiri
compatriot samlandano
compatriot landano
redeemer redemptoro
fowl koko
fowl kokino
coop kokejo
lenient indulga
cassava kasavo
cremation kremacio
aries arieso
flammable brulema
renounce rezigni
veterinarian bestkuracisto
veterinarian veterinaro
hinterland landinterno
hinterland postregiono
betray perfidi
cannibal kanibalo
antidote antidoto
debit debeto
impede obstrukci
hops lupolo
gazelle gazelo
craze furoro
startling surpriza
moraine moreno
gaunt maldika
gaunt senhoma
gaunt angula
gaunt dezerta
gaunt magra
gaunt melankolia
gaunt malgaja
gaunt malgrasa
gaunt morna
silently silente
purgatory purgatorio
accommodating helpema
accommodating cedema
rattle klaki
aster astero
rhododendron rododendro
archimedes arkimedo
adrenaline adrenalino
franconia frankonio
musk mosko
tread suriri
tread treti
zephyr zefiro
hispaniola hispaniolo
mitre mitro
bumblebee burdo
lorry kamiono
procure havigi
amorphous amorfa
ingenious genia
spiritualism spiritismo
participle participo
intoxicated ebria
phobia fobio
oberon oberono
sow semi
sow porkino
deterrent fortimiga
braid plekti
checkers damoj
checkers damludo
quell sufoki
righteousness justeco
limp lami
tigris tigriso
chanson kanzono
abstinence sindeteno
abstinence abstinenco
excitation ekscito
barbadian barbadosa
lessen malpliigi
lira liro
sanctum sanktejo
karelia karelio
millimeter milimetro
circulate cirkuli
songbook kantaro
talon krifo
gypsum gipso
stingray rajo
virgo virgo
deceive trompi
vistula vistulo
endlessly senfine
matron intendantino
paleozoic paleozoiko
dike digo
horus horuso
censure malaprobo
bessarabia besarabio
wallonia valonio
wallonia valonujo
alum aluno
suture suturo
towel mantuko
magpie pigo
aquarius amforo
pentecost pentekosto
bead bido
saucer subtaso
impressionism impresionismo
ascetic asketa
disseminate dissemi
saarland sarlando
drawer tirkesto
shave razi
conforming konforma
mica glimo
subdue submeti
subdue subigi
perseverance persistemo
boast fanfaroni
sofa sofo
sofa kanapo
seagull mevo
bake baki
hearth kameno
hearth fajrejo
agitated ekscitita
abiding restanta
hera hero
chalice kaliko
appease trankviligi
bitterness amareco
briefs kalsoneto
syphilis sifiliso
wares varoj
wares varo
awaken veki
gruesome terura
gruesome abomeninda
gruesome harstariga
commissar komisaro
saliva salivo
irresistible nerezistebla
emmet formiko
thaw degelo
thaw degeli
baal baalo
annotation komentario
aroma aromo
pelvis pelvo
pancake flano
compel devigi
mattress matraco
alibi alibio
bouquet bukedo
alarming alarma
modesty modesto
modesty modesteco
modesty pudoro
modesty diskreteco
whore putino
thwart malfaciligi
inject injekti
eerie harstariga
postpone prokrasti
postpone suspendi
alb albo
alva alvo
arbiter arbitracianto
arbiter arbitro
benzene benzeno
sadistic sadisma
carmelite karmelano
carmelite karmelanino
servitude servuto
brow brovo
mischievous malica
mischievous petolema
cocoon kokono
weser vezero
azalea azaleo
xenon ksenono
centimeter centimetro
excommunication ekskomuniko
excommunication anatemo
mockery moko
mockery mokado
bulky ampleksa
modernize modernigi
independant sendependa
independant memstara
indistinct malklara
louvain loveno
subversion faligo
illuminate lumigi
illuminate ilumini
anion anjono
repentance pento
lapsed kaduka
dill aneto
stow enmeti
stow enfermi
fright timego
rampart remparo
lettuce laktuko
ow aj
briton brito
whim kaprico
beret bireto
balinese balia
macabre makabra
macabre harstariga
beet beta
beet beto
talisman amuleto
incandescent inkandeska
sulfuric sulfura
cadmium kadmio
eloquent elokventa
restraints brido
cucumber kukumo
icing glaceo
redeem elpagi
arboreal arba
restrain regi
restrain estri
restrain deteni
restrain bridi
stumble stumbli
beige flavgriza
iota joto
spaniard hispano
resolute kategoria
zealous fervora
sardinian sardo
sardinian sardinia
morel morkelo
bahamian bahama
radium radiumo
pollination polenado
pave pavimi
albino albino
brevity koncizeco
