pergameno parchment
ekzerci exercise
ekzerci practise
uro aurochs
deprimo depression
opio opium
timema afraid
timema timid
stoko stock
karakterizi characterize
violkolora violet
memorinda memorable
pacifisto pacifist
malaperigi liquidate
preferi prefer
arterio artery
cipreso cypres
enorme enormously
atlanto atlantean
barnabaso barnabas
monstra monstrous
makiavelo machiavelli
kelktempe temporarily
stoki stock
vertebraro spine
elpensi invent
premado pressure
albino albino
vinbero grape
lato lath
lato slat
faligo overthrow
faligo subversion
cigano gypsy
cigano gypsy
prognozo forecast
prognozo prognosis
mustardo mustard
esperi hope
juvelisto jeweller
korupteco corruption
protestanto protestant
foja occasional
nenecesa needless
banurbo spa
navigi navigate
kongrui coincide
lavango avalanche
fluida liquid
fluida fluid
ekzekutisto executioner
ekzekutisto hangman
venigi get
reprodukto reproduction
akcesora secondary
akcesora accessory
demetro demeter
dogano customs
bakejo bakery
ilekso holly
prunto loan
plantejo plantation
simpligi simplify
nektaro nectar
kameruna cameroon
laktuko lettuce
alko moose
alko elk
pinglo pin
pinglo needle
malutila harmful
rezervi reserve
asistado help
asistado assistance
korko cork
atakanto attacker
atakanto assailant
atakanto aggressor
alcedo kingfisher
alcedo halcyon
friso frisian
kukurbo squash
kukurbo pumpkin
kukurbo gourd
bezona necessary
kulpulo culprit
singapura singaporean
malavara generous
virtuozo virtuoso
karoserio body
hoko hook
kapsiko chilli
senprokraste immediately
senprokraste instantly
hungarlando hungary
lupolo hop
lupolo hops
lebanono lebanon
eskapo escape
birdaro birds
plastika plastic
rendevuo date
rendevuo appointment
rendevuo rendezvous
stratangulo corner
digna dignified
ironia ironic
librovendisto bookseller
ciklono cyclone
atesti testify
atesti attest
alkoholismo alcoholism
kritikanto judge
izoli isolate
izoli insulate
izoli seclude
burundio burundi
sobra temperate
sobra sober
sobra staid
sobra abstemious
laborema hardworking
malkonstrui demolish
pamfleto pamphlet
citiloj quotes
decidiga decisive
mieno expression
plateno platinum
malfortigi weaken
likvoro liqueur
anekdoto anecdote
krampo bracket
krampo staple
krampo brace
krampo clamp
krampo parenthesis
hebreo hebrew
hebreo jew
tamburisto drummer
urbdomo townhall
figo fig
eluzita worn
forveturo departure
najado naiad
konsolo consolation
milio millet
prokrasti delay
prokrasti postpone
prokrasti procrastinate
penicilino penicillin
pilgrimo pilgrimage
mortero morter
kalumnio scandal
kalumnio slander
kalumnio backbiting
fragmenta fragmentary
bankoko bangkok
asfalto asphalt
nabo hub
nabo nave
anjono anion
ekstazo ecstasy
helpema helpful
helpema accommodating
komforto comfort
prostituado prostitution
bredi keep
bredi rear
bredi raise
bredi breed
severeco severity
severeco rigour
donace gratis
siamo thailand
siamo siam
bushaltejo busstop
infektita infected
infektita contaminated
argono argon
forkuri abscond
gardo guard
meksikia mexican
sparta spartan
apostrofo apostrophe
arestado arrest
arestado detention
arestado apprehension
aromo flavour
aromo aroma
dupunkto colon
administrantaro management
administrantaro administration
pistilo pestle
palumbo pigeon
kromo chromium
malakcepti reject
militema martial
militema warlike
izoliteco separation
izoliteco isolation
plenplena replete
plenplena brimming
minaca threatening
minaca menacing
adhero adhesion
pelto fur
kapoto hood
kapoto bonnet
engluti engulf
aventuristo adventurer
modesto modesty
transvalo transvaal
sprono spur
kaptilo trap
kaptilo snare
ekscitita agitated
hebridoj hebrides
malia malian
konscii realize
konscii realise
peli drive
peli chase
peli shoo
peli impel
bandito bandit
timiga horrible
ambicio ambition
fajrero spark
aluvia alluvial
serenado serenade
flandro flemming
salivo saliva
lidio lydia
spiri breathe
timigi frighten
astmo asthma
konsumanto consumer
ordoni order
ordoni command
ordoni tell
reklami advertise
akvovaporo vapour
bosna bosnian
posttagmezo afternoon
respektinda respectable
kaduka dilapidated
kaduka lapsed
kaduka decayed
kaduka decrepit
kaduka rickety
agrable comfortably
agrable pleasantly
agrable agreeably
kunularo company
simpatia sympathetic
singarda careful
singarda cautious
zorga careful
zorga tender
hipopotamo hippo
hipopotamo hippopotamus
malmultekoste cheaply
steleto asterisk
parigi match
parigi couple
parigi pair
parigi unite
nikaragva nicaraguan
nombri count
steno shorthand
metodista methodist
metoda methodical
pacienco patience
kareno hull
indiferenta indifferent
indiferenta immaterial
bavarujo bavaria
trigonometrio trigonometry
cimo bug
cimo bedbug
perko bass
lako lacquer
fabrikejo factory
vejno vein
advento advent
samario samaria
femuro thigh
moraleco morality
kliko set
kliko clique
kliko coterie
kliko junto
senespera desperate
senespera abysmal
digestado digestion
afganujo afghanistan
rumo rum
stabejo headquarters
mesino messina
monpuno fine
singarde carefully
singarde lightly
singarde gently
vespo wasp
brua noisy
babelo babylon
babelo babel
juglando walnut
felietono serial
sekigi dry
voltao volta
tuniko tunic
ganimedo ganymede
moskito mosquito
anatomiisto anatomist
altrudi force
belfasto belfast
pledo plea
harmoniko harmonica
cinamo cinnamon
vitala vital
deficito deficit
malglata rough
malglata coarse
solano nightshade
veto bet
veto wager
gralo grail
svalbardo spitsbergen
lukso luxury
grapolo cluster
pretendi claim
pretendi presume
koito coition
riski risk
riski venture
riski hazard
prema onerous
prema burdensome
karna carnal
portugalo portuguese
melankolio melancholy
bori bore
bori drill
tumoro tumor
tumoro tumour
infektado infection
infektado contamination
infektado contagion
formuli formulate
rabato discount
rabato rebate
rabato abatement
fojno hay
tabernaklo tabernacle
akvumado watering
ava bird
darmo dharma
bulbo bulb
grego herd
grego flock
ekstermi exterminate
derivi derive
kajuto cabin
korinta corinthian
sulko furrow
sulko wrinkle
lardo bacon
fortepiano pianoforte
subtraho subtraction
stako stack
stako pile
stako heap
parolmaniero speech
agendo agenda
skilo scylla
kontrolisto controller
kontrolisto checker
bagatela insignificant
bagatela trifling
servuto servitude
servuto serfdom
garbo sheaf
volframo tungsten
denunco accusation
helpantino assistant
planti plant
pardoni pardon
pardoni forgive
siama siamese
trinkebla drinkable
seninterrompa continuous
eksporti export
baptejo baptistery
plugilo plough
plugilo plow
kloako sewer
peticio petition
cirkonferenco circumference
povra poor
fosi dig
fosi spade
fosi grub
kurdio kurdistan
dankema thankful
sanigi cure
sanigi remedy
sanigi heal
mallerta awkward
tufo tuft
amuro amur
moruo cod
moruo codfish
rekomenci resume
minaci threaten
minaci menace
amatoro amateur
amatoro fancier
distribui distribute
absorbo absorption
uganda ugandan
fabo bean
kvalifiko ability
kvalifiko qualification
torso trunk
kleo clef
humila humble
gemo jewel
gemo gem
dentrado gear
dentrado cogwheel
plirapidigi accelerate
guldeno gulden
guldeno guilder
parcelo lot
parcelo parcel
korespondi correspond
filiko fern
posteularo offspring
maltrankvila anxious
interparolado conversation
ekskomuniko ban
ekskomuniko excommunication
ekskomuniko anathema
sinkrona synchronous
kana cane
elizeo elysium
agavo agave
balia balinese
estingi extinguish
gubernatoro governor
mallongigi shorten
mallongigi abbreviate
mallongigi abridge
skeptika skeptical
trifolio shamrock
trifolio clover
aligatoro alligator
lagro bearing
cimbalo cymbal
programi program
programi programme
tuno ton
aristokratio aristocracy
patrolo patrol
akcio share
salvio sage
kobalto cobalt
banala commonplace
banala dismal
banala trite
dafno daphne
retiri withdraw
aroma aromatic
aroma fragrant
aroma nutty
remi row
uliso ulysses
citro zither
bordero border
malvarmeta cool
kaosa chaotic
dosierujo folder
koreo korean
negoci trade
negoci negotiate
sentenco maxim
sentenco proverb
rusta rusty
sifiliso syphilis
litro litre
litro liter
ekzotika exotic
bulgarujo bulgaria
prelegi lecture
atenta attentive
centimetro centimeter
centimetro centimetre
demokrato democrat
vergo switch
vergo rod
vergo wand
iniciati start
iniciati initiate
konsentite agreed
konsentite ok
konsentite okay
larvo larva
larvo grub
eriso eris
kasedo cassette
olivo olive
dekoro decoration
dekoro decor
adulto adultery
dubi doubt
tributo tribute
fasti fast
sceptro sceptre
brulligno firewood
fragmito reed
vundi hurt
vundi wound
kontrabando contraband
galinolo moorhen
koreujo korea
gramo gram
gramo gramme
perlabori earn
branko gill
mezozoiko mesozoic
asistantino assistant
elspezi spend
insisto pressure
insisto insistence
insisto urgency
bitoko byte
parfumo perfume
melodramo melodrama
apogilo support
apogilo prop
descendo descent
karitata charitable
konsili counsel
konsili advise
apelacio appeal
epopea epic
izoleco separation
izoleco isolation
pensio retirement
pensio pension
konateco acquaintance
konateco familiarity
konateco conversance
antikristo antichrist
ulmo elm
laringo larynx
tempio temple
lavejo washroom
triste sadly
magra thin
magra lean
magra skinny
magra gaunt
magra meager
magra skimpy
terni sneeze
nepartia neutral
optimismo optimism
samlandano compatriot
trankviligi still
trankviligi quiet
trankviligi calm
trankviligi appease
trankviligi soothe
tinuso tuna
tinuso tunny
armoriko armorica
pordisto porter
idiomo idiom
malsekeco damp
riska hazardous
riska risky
kapitulaci surrender
kapitulaci capitulate
ramadano ramadan
loterio lottery
loterio raffle
nenormala abnormal
dentaro teeth
bito bit
bohemujo bohemia
absorbi absorb
stevardo steward
stevardo attendant
kaprica capricious
kaprica fitful
proksimulo neighbour
globeto marble
globeto corpuscle
oblo multiple
plendi complain
pluki pick
pluki pluck
revizoro auditor
modernigi modernize
soifo thirst
leporhundo greyhound
regajni regain
egoismo selfishness
proteo proteus
interpunkcio punctuation
interpunkcio interpunction
ruboj rubbish
materhorno matterhorn
dommastrino housewife
ataka offensive
ataka aggressive
kotizo subscription
kotizo dues
preterpasi overtake
hanibalo hannibal
munti link
munti mount
munti assemble
trilo trill
dominio dominion
mozambika mozambican
meteorologio meteorology
korbopilko basketball
monotona monotonous
saluti salute
saluti greet
vandalo vandal
flegisto nurse
solulo single
ungo nail
nubia nubian
arsenalo arsenal
arsenalo armoury
ekscesa excessive
ekscesa inordinate
everesto everist
atleta athletic
konsulejo consulate
rajdi ride
krabo crab
kosa xhosa
plejadoj pleiades
kojno wedge
melanezio melanesia
lupino lupine
amono amon
amono amun
amono ammon
jemena yemeni
libelo dragonfly
torio thorium
lulkanto lullaby
kibuco kibbutz
akompanantaro train
akompanantaro suite
svedo swede
tinto jingle
tinto tinkle
pikniko picnic
disketo diskette
rajti may
kompili compile
lapona lapp
lapona lappish
totalismo totalitarianism
balustrado parapet
balustrado balustrade
balustrado railing
balustrado banisters
elfosi grub
elfosi excavate
distrado diversion
distrado distraction
torako chest
turisto tourist
stana tin
zairio zaire
restadi abide
kompleto set
kompleto suit
kompleto outfit
aristokrato aristocrat
ofenda abusive
ofenda nasty
lombardi pawn
lotuso lotus
adori worship
adori adore
kunveni meet
kunveni gather
kunveni assemble
kunveni congregate
paleozoiko paleozoic
paleozoiko palaeozoic
kalkano heel
volto volt
belgo belgian
cerva deer
furoro hit
furoro craze
rekomendi register
rekomendi recommend
lepro leprosy
prunti loan
prunti lend
prunti borrow
envio envy
malaltigo abasement
dardaneloj dardanelles
katarakto cataract
manovro maneuver
manovro manoeuvre
manovro manoeuvre
anomalio anomaly
traktoro tractor
miljaro millennium
cisterno tank
cisterno cistern
lernejano scholar
lernejano pupil
akirebla obtainable
pensiulo pensioner
pensiulo retiree
itako ithaca
orfa orphan
kakto cactus
kokso hip
mongolujo mongolia
ellasita omitted
eksigi fire
eksigi discharge
eksigi sack
eksigi dismiss
rimarkigo remark
temperamento temperament
importi import
fazeolo haricot
kapreolo roe
kunvoko parade
vendoplaco market
vendoplaco marketplace
valeriano valerian
pistolo pistol
brabanta brabantine
pruno plum
krii scream
krii shout
jado jade
levilo crowbar
artrito arthritis
kuseno cushion
pristudi study
redaktilo editor
demonstro demonstration
deca proper
deca suitable
deca decent
deca fitting
avara stingy
avara miserly
avara avaricious
mulo mule
bradipo sloth
ardo heat
ardo passion
ardo glow
babili chat
babili chatter
ipro ypres
serbo serb
simboli symbolize
etiketo etiquette
alparoli address
digesti digest
ripo rib
latrino latrine
vodko vodka
sindonemo attachement
sincereco sincerity
malplenigi empty
ekstraktado abstraction
optimisma optimistic
reglamento rules
reglamento regulations
repagi repay
glaciejo glacier
akuzito accused
akuzito defendant
rajda mounted
cibelo cybele
torto pie
torto tart
siliko flint
siliko gravel
simili resemble
radikalo radical
fameco fame
fameco renown
stultulo fool
barbiro barber
malfido suspicion
mustelo weasel
mustelo marter
mahometo muhammad
mahometo mohammed
elefanta elephant
elefanta elephantine
idioto idiot
mamo breast
mamo teat
cedo abandonment
gudro tar
nevenkebla invincible
edzinigi wed
edzinigi marry
paladio palladium
kudrado needlework
enskribi enter
dorsflanko back
dorsflanko reverse
premsigno print
premsigno imprint
karono charon
maparo atlas
forrabo abstraction
rememorigi recall
bakisto baker
truko trick
soni sound
vanilo vanilla
malliberigi jail
malliberigi imprison
egido protection
jogurto yoghurt
jogurto yoghourt
spado rapier
elvoki evoke
kokaino cocaine
glacimonto iceberg
ekzekuti execute
cejlono ceylon
dankemo gratitude
altruismo altruism
stiri steer
didelfo opossum
ezoko pike
eolo aeolus
rento return
rento income
degelo melting
degelo thaw
readmono deuteronomy
tinkturo dye
tinkturo tint
vastega immense
vastega abysmal
pagano pagan
regilo controller
tibero tiber
pornografia pornographic
nesimetria asymmetric
nesimetria asymmetrical
nesimetria dissymmetric
petroselo parsley
sitelo bucket
sitelo pail
dinamito dynamite
enkorpigo embodiment
dagestana dagestan
dagestana daghestan
melankolia melancholy
melankolia bleak
melankolia dismal
melankolia gaunt
melankolia dreary
afekcio affection
signifoplena significant
nemalhavebla indispensable
kudrilo needle
gastejestro host
gastejestro landlord
gastejestro innkeeper
akreo acre
optikisto optician
azilo asylum
liberia liberian
brazilano brazilian
mezolitiko mesolithic
formoso formosa
rigi rig
deteni abstract
deteni restrain
fridujo refrigerator
pompo pomp
pompo splender
drenado draining
slovako slovak
ambono amboina
stirado steering
malako malacca
agema active
frekventi frequent
aktualeco topicality
adrianopolo adrianople
pipo pipe
egaligi even
egaligi level
cipro cyprus
signali signal
akcenti stress
akcenti accent
akcenti accentuate
bizara odd
bizara weird
bizara bizarre
futo foot
senbrida lawless
senbrida riotous
senbrida licentious
eterno eternity
mastrumi manage
malproksimeco distance
bunkro shelter
bunkro bunker
subulo subordinate
barko bark
barko barque
malsupreniro descent
refuti refute
alpismo mountaineering
fumi smoke
aktori act
projekciilo projector
dianto carnation
aprezo appreciation
rumano romanian
rumano rumanian
torpedo torpedo
fripono rogue
fripono crook
fripono cheat
prerio prairie
kviete quietly
kviete leisurely
apokalipsa apocalyptic
agronomio agriculture
afineco affinity
embaraso embarrassment
embaraso perplexity
embaraso abashment
eono aeon
infera infernal
bahama bahamian
bastoneto stick
balkanoj balkans
eminente fine
kokoso coconut
kokoso cocoanut
virkoko cock
virkoko rooster
valizo suitcase
valizo valise
vertebro vertebra
doko dock
adoleskanto adolescent
funelo funnel
plutonio plutonium
ftizo consumption
ftizo tuberculosis
formularo form
formularo blank
trompita cheated
trompita deceived
korono corona
flugfolio flier
anodo anode
irejo way
irejo road
irejo path
moluka moluccan
amudarjo oxus
bastardo bastard
humileco humility
ellerni master
grandege enormously
difekti damage
difekti spoil
difekti injure
lavendo lavender
zambia zambian
martirino martyr
malsupreniri descend
peniko paintbrush
kartaga carthaginian
asisti help
asisti aid
asisti assist
asisti abet
sambuko elder
komplico accessory
komplico accomplice
komplico abetter
subigi subdue
subigi subjugate
vidvo widower
aflikto affliction
denunci denounce
notlibro notebook
segilo saw
trankvileco composure
trankvileco calmness
veturigi drive
ampero ampere
koncerno concern
hedero ivy
lernita acquired
lernita learnt
ovalo oval
rolanto character
arja aryan
tineo moth
ampolo bulb
karmo karma
persujo persia
vaska basque
apeninoj apennines
bemolo flat
slovakujo slovakia
ribelanto rebel
ribelanto mutineer
telegramo telegram
alilande abroad
egali equal
tranoktejo accommodation
azoto nitrogen
memvola willing
lorno binoculars
lorno binocular
analogia analogous
malgaja sad
malgaja miserable
malgaja bleak
malgaja dismal
malgaja gaunt
malgaja somber
malgaja dreary
persistemo perseverance
anemio anaemia
bremso brake
akurateco accuracy
akurateco precision
akurateco exactitude
sindeteno abstinence
sindeteno abstention
komizo clerk
rigardado examination
kunvoki convoke
inspira inspiring
bismuto bismuth
konato acquaintance
albo alb
intermonto defile
gazo gauze
pruo bow
pruo prow
incesto incest
benediktano benedictine
napo turnip
stikso styx
cinika cynical
inspektado inspection
nenatura artificial
tiraneco tyranny
apostato apostate
almozulo beggar
progresi progress
progresi proceed
priparoli discuss
preteco readiness
lumigi light
lumigi illuminate
pirenea pyrenean
asparago asparagus
cervino hind
injekto injection
vartistino nurse
deziri wish
deziri desire
infaneto baby
apudeco proximity
sunbrilo sun
sunbrilo sunshine
embusko ambush
tremolo aspen
senlabora unemployed
vidbendo videotape
afrikano african
pendigi hang
antila antillian
miriga amazing
miriga astonishing
torturado torture
aminda lovable
promesi promise
baronlando barony
dolomitoj dolomites
arbotrunko stem
arbotrunko trunk
pareco parity
kvalifikita able
monfarejo mint
kribrilo sieve
sata full
sata satisfied
sata replete
purpuro purple
melono melon
atentema attentive
papriko paprika
buklo curl
admirinda admirable
haga hague
ekscito excitement
ekscito excitation
bonvenigi welcome
harpio harpy
fablo fable
malkonvena unseemly
trolebuso trolleybus
moko mockery
digesto digestion
kapdoloro headache
ebura ivory
buljono bouillon
sterkado dressing
sterkado fertilization
sterkado manuring
dekoka eighteenth
koloso colossus
pikilo sting
demonstracio demonstration
transverse crosswise
trojano trojan
lekcio lecture
viskio whiskey
viskio whisky
senkonscia unconscious
golejo goal
malestimo contempt
koboldo goblin
koboldo imp
karapaco shell
karapaco carapace
insulto abuse
insulto insult
inspiri inspire
diano diana
malneto draft
rulo roll
kalipso calypso
kenozoiko cenozoic
kenozoiko caenozoic
ravi delight
jasono jason
brajlo braille
brajlo braille
orkideo orchid
epilepsio epilepsy
mizere miserably
suburbo suburb
pilolo pill
scivolemo curiosity
arabujo arabia
ananaso pineapple
interesi interest
sindefendo defense
sindefendo defence
radiumo radium
mansardo attic
mansardo garret
kulpigi blame
kulpigi accuse
rava lovely
rava delightful
kobro cobra
papavo poppy
komodo chest
komodo dresser
pesimismo pessimism
aliloken elsewhere
antibiotiko antibiotic
kleopatro cleopatra
entombigi inter
entombigi bury
entombigi entomb
surinama surinamese
abdomena abdominal
diareo diarrhoea
koncedi grant
koncedi admit
koncedi concede
latuna brass
senigi deprive
multipliki multiply
karoto carrot
scivolema inquisitive
fragila fragile
avida avid
avida greedy
tulio thulium
atingopovo range
atingopovo reach
kredebla plausible
rabio rabies
depreni deduct
paneo brakedown
fascinita fascinated
fascinita gripped
marioneto puppet
marioneto marionette
mordo bite
klapo valve
volupto lust
akceptigi force
armeno armenian
morfemo morpheme
proklamado proclamation
malmorala abandoned
malmorala nasty
geranio geranium
projekcii project
karuselo carousel
karuselo carrousel
ariadno ariadne
aktivo assets
arabo arab
infaneca childish
asketa ascetic
gnuo gnu
gnuo wildebeest
elegio elegy
tibio tibia
intestaro intestines
greso grass
kariljono chimes
kariljono carillon
direktanto manager
asisto help
lezo harm
ukrainujo ukraine
ekzilito exile
adoptado adoption
radikalulo radical
salamandro salamander
transportisto carrier
transportisto transporter
foso pole
vigleco activity
vigleco spirit
vigleco stir
vigleco zest
vigleco gusto
prosperi prosper
rajtigo authorization
ibekso ibex
reflekti reflect
trompa deceitful
pilgrimanto pilgrim
konsulto consultation
seninfana childless
norvego norwegian
meteorito meteorite
kubuto elbow
mitingo meeting
benelukso benelux
sonorado tolling
propulso drive
kontesti question
kontesti challenge
malmoleco hardness
gepatro parent
kompatinda poor
kompatinda miserable
kompatinda dismal
kompatinda pitiful
kukumo cucumber
kuo q
paroka parochial
ekscita exciting
adicii add
geografiisto geographer
landinterno hinterland
kaprico whim
kaprico caprice
dilemo dilemma
anagramo anagram
parada pretentious
kroato croat
bridi check
bridi restrain
bridi bridle
incenso incense
kateno fetter
kateno shackle
gejo gay
gejo homosexual
muzikema musical
plori cry
plori weep
insista emphatic
ribelema rebellious
ribelema insubordinate
rusto rust
kolosa huge
kolosa colossal
abomeninda alien
abomeninda horrible
abomeninda awful
abomeninda gruesome
abomeninda hideous
abomeninda abominable
abomeninda abhorrent
piedbato kick
rekomendinda recommendable
afableco kindness
sagaca astute
sagaca shrewd
nobeleco nobility
kuvo vat
kuvo tub
sindona devoted
sindona selfless
liniilo ruler
liniilo straightedge
perfektigi perfect
transloki move
transloki transfer
teda boring
teda tiresome
teda stodgy
eltiro pull
platano plane
platano sycamore
boto boot
procedi proceed
tondilo scissors
polpo octopus
morbilo measles
rapo turnip
asigni assign
sekrecio secretion
peka sinful
pritraktado treatment
rafinejo refinery
frago strawberry
luksemburgia luxembourg
luksemburgia luxemburg
impresi impress
drapo cloth
evakui evacuate
frenezeco madness
frenezeco insanity
frenezeco lunacy
frenezeco craziness
suspektinda suspicious
muko mucus
muko phlegm
serbujo serbia
brovo brow
brovo eyebrow
antimono antimony
larmo tear
fascina fascinating
fascina absorbing
albanujo albania
elfari finish
elfari achieve
elfari accomplish
persefono persephone
maldungo discharge
sensacia sensational
sensacia lurid
tuso cough
pantomimo pantomime
kontrasti contrast
senespere despairingly
cenzuri censor
universaleco universality
universaleco generality
afazio aphasia
hejtilo heater
tulipo tulip
sledo sledge
sledo sleigh
anglino english
anglino englishwoman
zenito zenith
hieno hyaena
monogamio monogamy
razilo razor
pumo puma
pumo cougar
krepuska dim
interligi join
interligi connect
multnacia multinational
nematura unripe
kamentubo chimney
kamentubo smokestack
ekstrakti extract
moki mock
kondomo rubber
kondomo condom
skandinavujo scandinavia
titana titanic
kornuso cornel
kornuso dogberry
peni try
peni attempt
peni aim
peni endeavour
adjutanto adjutant
resono echo
resono resonance
ridi laugh
malkonstruado demolition
akreco sharpness
meznokto midnight
batalema truculent
heroeco heroism
kaskado waterfall
rajdanta mounted
procesi sue
procesi litigate
obsedo obsession
persiko peach
poento point
natureco abandonment
avido eagerness
avido covetousness
avido avidity
avido greediness
malavia malawian
marmelado jam
marmelado marmelade
atendado expectation
blato cockroach
kalkanumo heel
parentezo parenthesis
barako shed
barako barn
barako shack
barako shanty
barako barrack
pritraktata pending
mento mint
salikoko prawn
gambo leg
stuko plaster
rutino routine
inklina inclined
daktilo date
maleolo ankle
pepi twitter
pepi peep
pepi chirp
kaino cain
malmilda bleak
terkultivisto farmer
terno sneeze
montenegra montenegrin
umbiliko navel
molibdeno molybdenum
sterila sterile
abortigo abortion
dorika dorian
dorika doric
resumi abstract
resumi summarize
sankcio sanction
baki bake
konjekti conjecture
konjekti surmise
malfaciligi hinder
malfaciligi thwart
malfaciligi hamper
bosnujo bosnia
zefiro zephyr
milimetro millimeter
milimetro millimetre
malutilo harm
ribelulo rebel
rabia mad
rabia rabid
basto bast
ofendita hurt
ofendita offended
ofendita insulted
ofendita affronted
butana bhutanese
nostalgio nostalgia
pivoto pivot
destini ordain
destini earmark
destini destine
najlo nail
vireco virility
aha aha
varmeta lukewarm
administristo administrator
malaprobo condemnation
malaprobo disapproval
malaprobo censure
malaprobo disapprobation
konfirmacio confirmation
apetito appetite
ekzakteco accuracy
ekzakteco precision
ekzakteco exactitude
grilo cricket
operacii operate
specifi specify
iluzia misleading
cikladoj cyclades
pacienca patient
nadlo needle
seruristo locksmith
groteska grotesque
pacifismo pacifism
haringo herring
hura hurray
koloniigi colonize
skizi plan
skizi sketch
modesteco modesty
sindonema devoted
sindonema selfless
prociono raccoon
prociono racoon
amorfa amorphous
kanadano canadian
virseksa male
volonta willing
volonta voluntary
gliti slip
gliti glide
remisto rower
minacanta threatening
minacanta menacing
rodio rhodium
gustumi taste
malgrandega tiny
malprava wrong
ostro oyster
dieso sharp
dieso grid
dieso hash
ganto glove
ganto mitten
geko gecko
polonio polonium
haloo halo
faetono phaeton
estonujo estonia
fajenco pottery
fajenco earthenware
fajenco crockery
kredinda plausible
aeroplano plane
aeroplano airplane
aeroplano aeroplane
amforo aquarius
rezultato result
rezultato effect
rezultato conclusion
revolvero revolver
fulgo soot
dano dane
abia deal
kripla crippled
kripla infirm
kisi kiss
malprofito loss
kulo gnat
plibeligi embellish
benina beninese
taglumo daylight
alterno alternation
ekskludi exclude
singardo caution
feroca fierce
konfidi trust
konfidi entrust
konfidi confide
modeli model
kolorigi color
kolorigi colour
kolorigi paint
kofro trunk
defii challenge
defii defy
deponi deposit
kvarangulo quadrangle
malespera desperate
rekompenci reward
rekompenci compensate
francino frenchwoman
superrega predominating
riveli develop
riveli reveal
komuti commute
reunuigi reunite
palisaro fence
palisaro palisade
sentiva sensitive
amuzi amuse
tamburino tambourine
tamburino timbrel
koktelo cocktail
skotujo scotland
duobligi double
vipo whip
fenkolo fennel
malvirto vice
morfino morphine
morfino morphia
groenlando greenland
neceseco necessity
punado punishment
zingibro ginger
kamforo camphor
kimono kimono
makuleto spot
pozitivo positive
erari err
gluo glue
negativo negative
nudeco nudity
nudeco nakedness
pulvora powdery
paranojo paranoia
kadmio cadmium
herakleo hogweed
bonhumora gay
bonhumora merry
ruzo trick
ruzo ruse
genciano gentian
agonio agony
paleoceno paleocene
paleoceno palaeocene
ruli roll
dunginto employer
stoika stoic
stoika stoical
hufo hoof
veli sail
gracio grace
ekipi equip
funto pound
cigaredo cigarette
edzineco marriage
apatio apathy
dece properly
dece decently
koncerni concern
skabeno alderman
nimego nimwegen
logi attract
logi lure
logi decoy
jesi assent
senvalora worthless
manplato palm
returne back
gazono lawn
germanino german
malpara odd
aneksi annex
glita slippery
amaranto amaranthus
atriplo orache
acetono acetone
kolibro hummingbird
mastrino mistress
ultimato ultimatum
numismatiko numismatics
arestito prisoner
solidaro solidarity
bankestro banker
vizo visa
edeno eden
triviala course
triviala commonplace
triviala vulgar
riado riyadh
inversigi turn
okso ox
ampleksi comprise
foresta absent
superhomo superman
dieta dietary
hezito hesitation
ellasi release
fobio phobia
interjekcio interjection
eskimo eskimo
kosti cost
kontoro office
julo yule
kampulo farmer
brokolo broccoli
brokolo brocoli
unuanima unanimous
kristaneco christianity
eksterlandano foreigner
komprenebleco intelligibility
komprenebleco comprehensibility
deliro delirium
galiumo gallium
fea fairy
klariono clarion
kunvivi huddle
projekti plan
stablo bench
stablo workbench
stablo easel
stablo tressle
teknecio technetium
hamiltono hamilton
serpo sickle
paradoksa paradoxical
aspiro ambition
aspiro aspiration
guvernistino governess
inkluziva inclusive
pupitro desk
pupitro lectern
iridio iridium
psikiatra psychiatric
guvernisto tutor
mungo mongoose
kupeo compartment
cendo cent
honduraso honduras
niobo niobium
fanatika fanatical
anestezo anaesthesia
ofendi abuse
ofendi insult
ofendi offend
aroganta arrogant
validigi validate
timigita afraid
timigita fearful
ablativo ablative
bastarda bastard
basketbalo basketball
monaka monegasque
bufro buffer
bufro bumper
manioko cassave
angora oppressing
miri wonder
miri marvel
pako pack
razi shave
drinki drink
konscienca conscientious
palto coat
palto overcoat
ireno irene
hoka hook
frostigita frozen
anso handle
kombilo comb
mildeco leniency
mildeco gentleness
mildeco meekness
mildeco mildness
sakso saxon
amuleto charm
amuleto talisman
amuleto amulet
avarulo miser
avarulo skinflint
avarulo niggard
histerio hysteria
telefoni telephone
ribo currant
pesimisma pessimistic
konformi fit
konformi conform
intermita intermittent
putra bad
putra rotten
gadolinio gadolinium
distri entertain
distri distract
distri divert
konsoli console
konsoli comfort
cerbero cerberus
rigoro rigor
rigoro rigour
pluso surplus
aneto dill
luksoro luxor
veluro velvet
makedonujo macedonia
nazio nazi
sensacio sensation
blasfemo blasphemy
samspeca similar
karnovora carnivorous
mirho myrrh
barbareco barbarity
treni drag
treni tow
indigno scandal
indigno offence
arbitracianto referee
arbitracianto umpire
arbitracianto arbitrator
arbitracianto arbiter
kaserolo casserole
kaserolo saucepan
alergio allergy
nefermita open
granato pomegranate
rafano radish
aktivoj assets
alkalo alkali
tani tan
baalo baal
aerponto airlift
neono neon
rimeno strap
kokcinelo ladybug
suspekti suspect
muldilo mold
muldilo mould
makropo kangaroo
senkulpeco innocence
inspekto inspection
kinino quinine
sindone selflessly
sindone devotedly
spongo sponge
bretaro cabinet
bulko roll
inerta inert
plugebla arable
kompliceco abetment
sufoki choke
sufoki suppress
sufoki quell
sufoki suffocate
tendenca biased
tendenca tendentious
tendenca tendencious
anoncisto announcer
piedfingro toe
novico novice
itrio yttrium
haremo harem
obeema obedient
malbonkvalita inferior
nilono nylon
sesono sixth
anasa duck
orienti orient
adaptigo accommodation
smeraldo emerald
ozono ozone
asira assyrian
binoklo binoculars
aluno alum
abomena horrible
abomena nasty
abomena dismal
abomena hideous
abomena ghastly
abomena dreary
hajlo hail
nudelo noodles
markezo shed
markezo penthouse
lento lentil
petskribo petition
arlekeno jester
arlekeno buffoon
filtri filter
dando dude
dando dandy
dando fop
ksenono xenon
kojoto coyote
balasto ballast
preterlasi omit
preterlasi overlook
balailo broom
malegala different
ionika ionian
erariga deceptive
erariga fallacious
erariga delusive
imito imitation
akvumi water
akvumi irrigate
paliso stake
aroganteco presumption
aroganteco arrogance
asbesto asbestos
karakterizado characterization
berilio beryllium
disfali collapse
polko polka
hino hinny
frakturo fracture
urtiko nettle
seruro lock
rubeno ruby
kranko crank
bicikli cycle
disputi dispute
disputi argue
avanulo forward
akcelilo accelerator
prospekto prospectus
cirkulanta about
cirkulanta abroad
kroatujo croatia
oscilo oscillator
antitezo antithesis
ofensiva offensive
ofensiva aggressive
rekruti recruit
kulti worship
cezio caesium
armenujo armenia
abolicii abolish
abolicii abrogate
romiano roman
cikorio chicory
bordelo brothel
vinberejo vineyard
manifesti show
manifesti demonstrate
manifesti manifest
okono eighth
debito sale
debito demand
fandi melt
moralisto moralist
broso brush
kuiristino cook
hekato hecate
petalo petal
egoisma selfish
fonti spring
aberacio aberration
elparoli pronounce
amboso anvil
sonorilaro chimes
sonorilaro carillon
kvakera quaker
akrobata acrobatic
lakeo lackey
subtegmento attic
vigligi encourage
vigligi stimulate
visko mistletoe
luanto tenant
luanto renter
atuto trump
anilino aniline
sorbi absorb
sorbi sip
abono subscription
ostaro skeleton
eksceso excess
cidro cider
vendistino saleswoman
naiveco confidence
bario barium
aspirino aspirin
latekso latex
megero shrew
agronomia agricultural
stulte stupidly
sardino sardine
piki pick
piki sting
piki stab
