bretton woods
cottura cooking
cucinare cooking
musica music
musicali music
stima estimate
spettro spectrum
qualifiche qualifications
passeggeri passenger
contrari opposed
seguenti following
intervenuti spoken
parlato spoken
traffico traffic
disposti prepared
passato past
ultimi past
radici roots
documento document
campanella bell
campanello bell
bilancio budget
reato offence
paio couple
perfetta perfect
perfetto perfect
disc disc
identità identity
unione union
problem problem
problema problem
magnetica magnetic
magnetici magnetic
magnetico magnetic
pena worth
giovanni john
john john
germania germany
auguri have
hanno have
sono have
professione profession
prodotto product
inchiesta inquiry
indagine inquiry
stretta close
sperimentale experimental
sperimentali experimental
grand grand
grande grand
nominati appointed
nominato appointed
martedì tuesday
pagamenti payments
biblioteca library
library library
pensioni pensions
operare operate
suggerito suggested
parish parish
parrocchia parish
parrocchiale parish
parrocchiali parish
magazine magazine
rivista magazine
profitti profits
dichiarato declared
abbastanza enough
sufficiente enough
numbers numbers
numeri numbers
conoscenza knowledge
conoscenze knowledge
school school
scuola school
orientamenti guidelines
eccellente excellent
ottima excellent
ottimo excellent
parallela parallel
parallele parallel
parallelo parallel
sabato saturday
adottata adopted
adottato adopted
colpa fault
calcio football
football football
norme standards
standard standards
andy andy
abisso gulf
golfo gulf
contratto contract
contrattuale contract
ricercatori researchers
annuario directory
illuminazione lighting
sole sole
utenti users
conclusi concluded
concluso concluded
articoli articles
concordato agreed
paura fear
timore fear
gioia joy
ambienti environments
vettore carrier
trasferimento transfer
regionale regional
regionali regional
vince wins
strutturale structural
strutturali structural
finanziari financial
finanziaria financial
finanziarie financial
finanziario financial
neonati babies
possibile possible
squadra team
data date
dati data
argilla clay
argillosi clay
razziale racial
razziali racial
immagine image
ore hours
archivi archives
autunno autumn
capi heads
testa heads
comunità community
comunitaria community
comunitarie community
comunitario community
accettazione acceptance
ferma firm
vittime victims
santa santa
attori actors
aviaria bird
uccelli bird
legislativa legislative
legislative legislative
legislativo legislative
chiaramente clearly
comando command
fase stage
ufficiale official
ufficiali official
verde green
verdi green
scegliere choose
ospitato hosted
moduli modules
fredda cold
freddo cold
spaziale space
spazio space
sviluppati developed
sviluppato developed
laburista labour
laburisti labour
alberi trees
svizzera switzerland
trasformazione processing
richiede requires
mantenere keep
foto photograph
fotografia photograph
rubrica heading
mai never
serbatoio tank
tank tank
meccanismi mechanisms
stessa same
stesso same
totalmente totally
rappresentano represent
rappresentare represent
titoli titles
acquistati purchased
acquistato purchased
facoltà faculty
finanziamenti funding
finanziamento funding
segreti secret
segreto secret
esempi examples
stessi themselves
criminale criminal
criminali criminal
penale criminal
penali criminal
rossa red
rosso red
stime estimates
occidentale western
occidentali western
capo head
testa head
sondaggi surveys
virginia virginia
donna woman
aggiunto added
attività activity
motivi reasons
ragioni reasons
supplementari extra
accademia academy
pesca fishing
lord lord
gravidanza pregnancy
edimburgo edinburgh
rivelato revealed
naturale natural
naturali natural
esperimenti experiments
siti sites
schermo screen
consentire enable
cittadinanza citizenship
cavo cable
morgan morgan
registro register
introduzione introduction
gold gold
oro gold
scrittore writer
bancari banking
bancaria banking
bancario banking
affidabile reliable
affidabili reliable
distaccati posted
francesco francis
francis francis
scelto chosen
verità truth
linee lines
deve should
dovrebbe should
dovrebbero should
motocicletta bike
logo logo
crea creates
termini terms
aim aim
obiettivo aim
scopo aim
aiuti aid
aiuto aid
vero true
accogliamo welcome
benvenuto welcome
diamo welcome
forme forms
televisione television
sport sport
panoramica overview
preziosa valuable
prezioso valuable
sogno dream
pronta ready
pronti ready
pronto ready
gioco game
popolarità popularity
esteriore outer
esterne outer
mani hands
mano hands
completamente completely
basata based
altrettanto equally
eric eric
presidente president
fallimento failure
ricchezza wealth
deposit deposit
deposito deposit
cosa thing
efficiente efficient
efficienti efficient
negozio shop
shop shop
denaro money
fondi money
money money
applicabile applicable
applicabili applicable
maggioranza majority
paziente patient
evidente obvious
ovvio obvious
riservata reserved
riservati reserved
riservato reserved
improbabile unlikely
pertinenti relevant
ripetute repeated
plus plus
ambiente environment
comunicati releases
tendono tend
accademia college
collegio college
pop pop
conti accounts
cinese chinese
cinesi chinese
comportamenti behaviour
comportamento behaviour
influenzata influenced
influenzato influenced
influenze influences
risposta reply
politica political
politiche political
politici political
politico political
graham graham
cattolica catholic
cattolici catholic
cattolico catholic
agenzie agencies
bush bush
ann ann
svolto played
diritto right
consigliere councillor
beneficenza charity
carità charity
strade roads
fine order
ordine order
competenze powers
poteri powers
fase phase
ricevuto received
centri centres
astratta abstract
astratte abstract
astratto abstract
alta upper
tipica typical
tipico typical
samuel samuel
pensiero thinking
beneficio benefit
vantaggio benefit
gatti cats
effettivamente actually
dottorato phd
territorio territory
principessa princess
soldati soldiers
anche even
persino even
coinvolgere involve
corretta correct
corretto correct
ministero ministry
mary mary
diverse different
diversi different
critica critical
critiche critical
critico critical
ulteriore further
ulteriori further
ulteriormente further
pubblicata published
pubblicato published
autobus buses
destinazione destination
particolare particular
fiore flower
flower flower
discenti learners
principianti learners
dichiarazione statement
costruire build
risposte responses
segue follows
inquinamento pollution
parlamento parliament
responsabilità responsibilities
miglioramenti improvements
selezione selection
routine routine
promossa promoted
promosso promoted
ospitante host
oltre over
più over
iscritto writing
difesa defence
gallese welsh
gallesi welsh
charlie charlie
cuori hearts
prenotazione booking
anderson anderson
versioni versions
check check
afferma says
dice says
minima minimum
minime minimum
minimi minimum
minimo minimum
alloggio accommodation
muri walls
walls walls
negozi shops
valle valley
disabili disabled
generazione generation
sostenendo supporting
sostenere supporting
ampiamente widely
orlo edge
anne anne
desideri wishes
donne women
prova proof
sequenza sequence
registrazione registration
scalato climbed
macellaio butcher
premiati rewarded
ricompensati rewarded
universalmente universally
semplificare simplify
mentori mentors
olimpo olympus
concentrati concentrated
concentrato concentrated
brasiliana brazilian
brasiliane brazilian
brasiliani brazilian
brasiliano brazilian
cagnolino puppy
cucciolo puppy
maltese maltese
maltesi maltese
svegli awake
sveglio awake
gas gases
iain iain
loch loch
pendolari commuter
weber weber
orologi clocks
certificate certified
certificati certified
psicologi psychologists
jose jose
aghi needles
siringhe needles
giles giles
bestiame livestock
semantica semantic
semantiche semantic
semantico semantic
diciassettesima seventeenth
diciassettesimo seventeenth
multilingue multilingual
plurilingue multilingual
costosa costly
costose costly
costosi costly
costoso costly
aritmetica arithmetic
ryan ryan
pittoresca picturesque
pittoresche picturesque
pittoresco picturesque
sedimenti sediments
sponsor sponsor
deroghe exceptions
eccezioni exceptions
telecomunicazione telecommunication
sonda probe
palliative palliative
palliativi palliative
palliativo palliative
motto motto
ereditare inherit
guerrieri warriors
sospetto suspect
gadget gadgets
malese malaysian
malesi malaysian
promettente promising
promettenti promising
bocche strait
stretto strait
striminzita strait
lavaggio washing
lavare washing
lavarsi washing
micro micro
vascolari vascular
monete currencies
valute currencies
delegazione delegation
ormeggiata moored
ormeggiate moored
reparti wards
copenaghen copenhagen
copenhagen copenhagen
globalizzazione globalisation
nuotatore swimmer
nuoto swimmer
domino domino
fumatori smokers
medaglie medals
stanziare allocate
osceno obscene
vaccinazione vaccination
frequenze frequencies
rettitudine righteousness
benedica bless
preghiere prayers
animazione animation
femminismo feminism
resurrezione resurrection
scontri clashes
allargata enlarged
ampliata enlarged
sweep sweep
appaltatori contractors
terence terence
risponda responds
risponde responds
riscaldamento warming
vagone wagon
georges georges
acronimo acronym
sigla acronym
paddington paddington
educare educate
mittente sender
sender sender
firma signature
immigrazione migration
migrazione migration
patria homeland
insiste insists
esercitazione drill
burton burton
slovacchia slovakia
volvo volvo
fisiologica physiological
fisiologiche physiological
fisiologici physiological
fisiologico physiological
cola cola
ricostruire rebuild
ferite wounds
mentali mentally
mentalmente mentally
bidone bucket
secchio bucket
bombardata bombed
bombardato bombed
ratificato ratified
guanti gloves
donna donna
lesley lesley
api bee
bee bee
immutata unchanged
invariato unchanged
commentarle affair
vicenda affair
battista baptist
battisti baptist
dickens dickens
jesse jesse
interruzione interruption
chef chef
rom roma
bastoni sticks
accidentalmente accidentally
deceduti deceased
deceduto deceased
defunto deceased
libraio bookshop
libreria bookshop
circoscrizioni constituencies
sahara sahara
intermittente intermittent
volontariamente voluntarily
neurologica neurological
neurologiche neurological
neurologici neurological
sanzione sanction
ago needle
needle needle
nervoso nervous
infetti infected
hobart hobart
mandato mandate
ormeggio mooring
embargo embargo
asta auction
visibilmente visibly
lavato washed
guarire heal
rimarginare heal
sanare heal
riconsiderare reconsider
filippine philippines
argentina argentina
raggruppamenti groupings
limone lemon
insidie pitfalls
trappole pitfalls
filmato filmed
unisono unison
razionale rational
razionali rational
classificazioni classifications
sopravvissuti survivors
apprezzata appreciated
apprezzato appreciated
pressioni pressures
savoia savoy
aviv aviv
sbandierato shouted
subissato shouted
dannati damned
rifiutare refuse
sottotitoli subtitles
inquirenti investigators
investigatori investigators
colorado colorado
riaperto reopened
tessile textiles
tessili textiles
bibliografia bibliography
sedie chairs
nervi nerves
abbassato lowered
auspicabile desirable
aiea iaea
veto veto
veterinari vets
condannati condemned
condannato condemned
bisessuali bisexual
appartiene belongs
sweeney sweeney
vescovi bishops
affidabilità reliability
fiscale fiscal
fiscali fiscal
generalizzata generalised
generalizzate generalised
generalizzato generalised
kahn khan
khan khan
chetichella sneak
laser lasers
irragionevole unreasonable
irragionevoli unreasonable
randy randy
recita reads
booth booth
cabina booth
orcadi orkney
fantomatiche mythical
leggendario mythical
mitica mythical
mitico mythical
pechino beijing
averi belongings
pollame poultry
enormemente enormously
consultiva consultative
consultivo consultative
criminali criminals
liga liga
basilica basilica
aule classrooms
zurigo zurich
barbados barbados
puzzle jigsaw
vermi worms
affollata crowded
affollato crowded
ciclone cyclone
farmaceutico pharmaceuticals
bernie bernie
tubature pipes
agnello lamb
fiorente flourishing
gravità seriousness
serietà seriousness
vibrazioni vibration
rospo toad
scoprendo discovering
individualmente individually
singolarmente individually
affitto rented
giuramento oath
malta malta
elicotteri helicopter
elicottero helicopter
teoricamente theoretically
cenare dine
marinaio sailor
competente competent
competenti competent
risveglio awakening
roth roth
madagascar madagascar
caratteristica characteristic
pattugliamento patrol
pattugliare patrol
commercianti traders
plurale plural
mantiene maintains
bombay mumbai
mumbai mumbai
sostenute incurred
sostenuti incurred
tango tango
montenegro montenegro
wikipedia wikipedia
insistenza insistence
annan annan
luna crescent
mezzaluna crescent
caucaso caucasus
tartaruga turtle
testuale textual
testuali textual
fidanzato boyfriend
onnipotente almighty
disagevole stony
campeggio campsite
mollusco oyster
ostrica oyster
ostriche oyster
pda pda
dimenticando forgetting
menta mint
mint mint
omosessuale homosexual
omosessuali homosexual
vicino neighbour
delegare delegate
delegato delegate
cicatrici scars
las las
emigrati emigrated
emigrato emigrated
diesel diesel
gasolio diesel
ambienti circles
circoli circles
caverne caves
grotte caves
condanne convictions
convinzioni convictions
sapone soap
scaricato downloaded
aviaria avian
crowley crowley
cuochi chefs
elementare elementary
elementari elementary
segnalamento signalling
esposizioni exhibitions
mostre exhibitions
inchinati bowed
piegato bowed
multilaterale multilateral
multilaterali multilateral
contraddizioni contradictions
fda fda
canta sings
reverenza awe
orfane orphan
orfani orphan
vittorie victories
scacchi chess
urgenza urgency
amsterdam amsterdam
diagnosticare diagnose
principato principality
ostaggio hostage
killer killers
airways airways
attitudinale aptitude
attitudinali aptitude
attitudine aptitude
squalo shark
compromesso compromise
muscoli muscles
daphne daphne
pinne fins
erasmus erasmus
accidentale accidental
accidentali accidental
calce lime
austriaca austrian
austriaco austrian
sessi sexes
leo leopold
leopold leopold
léopold leopold
ecologica ecological
ecologici ecological
ecologico ecological
rampe ramps
imprese enterprises
spencer spencer
imprenditore entrepreneur
triade trio
trio trio
vincenti trump
costituiti vested
prenotato booked
pluviale rainforest
osato dared
violazioni violations
segregati segregated
siemens siemens
idilliaca idyllic
idilliaco idyllic
dipendenza dependency
placare allay
corregge corrects
antille antilles
thar thar
chiarisce clarifies
airbag airbag
armoniosa harmonious
armonioso harmonious
omeopatia homeopathy
disinformazione disinformation
bjp bjp
coscienze consciences
beatrice beatrix
reintrodotto reintroduced
gadget gadget
ideatori originators
imperfezioni imperfections
esponenziale exponential
recuperabile recoverable
recuperabili recoverable
termali spas
ibis ibis
interoperabili interoperable
antenne relays
diversificare diversify
intermediazione brokering
disimpegno disengagement
monologo monologue
fragorose thundering
infermi infirm
infondata unfounded
infondate unfounded
infondati unfounded
paradossale paradoxical
elefantiaca creaking
fobia phobia
sottoclasse underclass
sultani sultans
compatriota compatriot
connazionale compatriot
reclute conscripts
riflettore glare
gaia gaia
auc auc
movimentato whirlwind
samara samara
shahid shahid
egon egon
ego egos
scandita punctuated
leila leila
leyla leila
lucent lucent
pianto wept
concussione graft
deforestazione deforestation
privatizzare privatise
perfida treacherous
immanuel immanuel
rivoluzionare revolutionise
magda magda
devastato ravaged
meccanicistiche mechanistic
meccanicistico mechanistic
tomasz tomasz
coesistenza coexistence
convivenza coexistence
parallelismo parallelism
pcb pcbs
sarcasmo sarcasm
inconsapevole unwitting
apprensione apprehension
ennis ennis
irraggiungibile unattainable
irraggiungibili unattainable
passatempo pastime
madeline madeline
raee weee
rappresaglie reprisals
ritorsioni reprisals
intestinale intestine
intestino intestine
blaise blaise
silicone silicone
istituzionalizzato institutionalized
dissipare dispel
sfatare dispel
bulimia bulimia
winkler winkler
flagello scourge
piaga scourge
malgasci malagasy
malgascia malagasy
malgascio malagasy
bpco copd
federalista federalist
federalisti federalist
picconi spades
amalgama amalgam
preponderanza preponderance
infallibile infallible
infallibili infallible
esagerando exaggerating
interconnettere interconnect
cantine cellars
caveau cellars
tenue muted
tenui muted
pasteur pasteur
aceh aceh
disapprovazione disapproval
morbosa morbid
morboso morbid
classificare classifying
stefano stefano
mustafa mustafa
ciminiere chimneys
rappresentazioni depictions
avamposti outposts
dote dowry
velato veiled
mobil mobil
sbloccherà unlocks
valery valery
eldorado dorado
contromisure countermeasures
intercontinentale intercontinental
intercontinentali intercontinental
raffazzonata botched
persiste persists
caratterizzano characterise
caratterizzare characterise
riad riyadh
riyadh riyadh
ryad riyadh
carceri jails
attigua adjoins
sanguinari bloodthirsty
sanguinaria bloodthirsty
sanguinario bloodthirsty
capitalisti capitalists
dogmi dogmas
cesar cesar
cesr cesar
encefalopatia encephalopathy
minimizzato minimised
sarcofago sarcophagus
gestazione gestation
colloquiale colloquial
colloquiali colloquial
monterrey monterrey
massacri massacres
mirza mirza
entroterra hinterland
piana mudflats
formalità formality
rifusione recast
gambia gambia
conciliante conciliatory
internamento internment
allegati annexes
crudamente crudely
dissuaso deterred
legiferato legislated
brigitte brigitte
ovation ovation
biocarburanti biofuels
biocombustibili biofuels
depressive depressive
depressivo depressive
exxon exxon
emigrare emigrate
meritatamente deservedly
marburg marburg
kuwaitiani kuwaiti
nepalese nepalese
nepalesi nepalese
antigua antigua
suharto suharto
anticipando anticipating
paracadutismo parachuting
lange lange
acclamato sanctified
bogotá bogotá
bogotà bogotá
pesche peaches
legalizzato legalised
simbiotico symbiotic
cicale grasshoppers
aprioristici deductive
deduttivo deductive
criptica cryptic
criptico cryptic
deportare deport
benefattori benefactors
cip cip
carrube locust
spontaneità spontaneity
tornado tornadoes
coprifuoco curfew
zelanti zealots
fari headlights
ais ais
sia ais
gerarchie hierarchies
frustate lashes
unwin unwin
zola zola
ribaltamento overturning
valletta valletta
rivitalizzazione revitalising
aziz aziz
censura censure
secessione secession
migratori migratory
migratorie migratory
sorbona sorbonne
stufato stew
tabù taboo
briciolo shred
straccio shred
grad grad
idealizzata idealised
idealizzato idealised
nebuloso hazy
caricature caricatures
vignette caricatures
palermo palermo
traffica quibble
mongoli mongols
veneti venetians
trasgressioni transgressions
dona dona
particolato particulates
periferici outlying
macchinazioni machinations
burgos burgos
alternanza alternation
deprimono depress
predefinita preset
gia gia
ombelico navel
bambi bambi
insostenibile untenable
sottosezioni subsections
inadeguatezza inadequacy
insufficienza inadequacy
reintroduzione reintroduction
sari sari
umar umar
acer acer
congiure conspiracies
cospirazioni conspiracies
pilotaggio piloting
fortificato fortification
fortificazione fortification
canaria canaria
apolidi stateless
fermenti ferment
fermento ferment
edd edd
aggrappa seizes
retroguardia rearguard
ata ata
escrementi droppings
qaeda qaeda
sima sima
ridottissimo shoestring
fuorviato misled
ingannati misled
insurrezione insurrection
separatisti separatists
maoista maoist
maoisti maoist
boicottata boycotted
boicottate boycotted
boicottato boycotted
chios chios
vergognoso disgraceful
billingham billingham
teleguidati unmanned
valanghe avalanches
interprofessionale interprofessional
interprofessionali interprofessional
destini destinies
compulsivo compulsive
miroslav miroslav
incatenati chained
incatenato chained
censurata censored
censurati censored
censurato censored
esportatori exporters
nta nta
precari precarious
precaria precarious
precarie precarious
precario precarious
gideon gideon
nodali nodal
passeggini pushchairs
passeggino pushchairs
tranche tranche
marino marino
esercitata exerted
esercitate exerted
culti cults
fotosintesi photosynthesis
triplice threefold
ccs ccs
diluizione dilution
yom yom
divulga discloses
espansiva expansive
sordida sordid
sordido sordid
liszt liszt
ardente ardent
ardenti ardent
playa playa
rennes rennes
genovese genoese
dosaggi dosages
echinacea echinacea
anders anders
appetiti appetites
mop mop
mol mol
sergei sergei
granello damper
diaz diaz
indulgente indulgent
indulgenti indulgent
saab saab
dsp sdr
insostituibile irreplaceable
insostituibili irreplaceable
rousseau rousseau
capoverso indent
trattino indent
pazzo madman
mcmillan mcmillan
rasi razed
degenerato degenerated
scorto glimpsed
assioma axiom
conviviale convivial
sfumatura nuance
distillazione distillation
ciprioti cypriots
desolati desolate
duarte duarte
involontaria inadvertent
involontario inadvertent
idealismo idealism
cucito stitched
herzog herzog
emanuel emanuel
emanuele emanuel
reilly reilly
anemia anaemia
intasate clogged
testimoni jehovah
crepa chink
stabilizzatore stabiliser
ahmet ahmet
insubordinazione insubordination
complica complicates
zoppicante limping
walesa walesa
inflessibilità inflexibility
rigidità inflexibility
dighe dikes
frits frits
sciiti shias
nazarbayev nazarbayev
mutue mutuals
totem totems
papadopoulos papadopoulos
rileggere reread
riletto reread
sprofonda engulfs
arretratezza backwardness
caschi berets
colombiani colombians
antioquia antioquia
recalcitranti recalcitrant
implacabile implacable
implacabili implacable
leonidas leonidas
ccr jrc
garza garza
imboschimento afforestation
rimboschimento afforestation
colonialisti colonialists
ancoraggi anchorages
togolese togolese
togolesi togolese
desalinizzazione desalination
dissalazione desalination
denigrare denigrating
allegramente blithely
moralismi moralising
chasse chasse
bisessuali bisexuals
regionalizzazione regionalisation
gelosamente jealously
scowcroft scowcroft
cana cana
saks saks
pediatri paediatricians
francone franconian
pashtun pashtun
giulia giulia
diluenti extender
piromane arsonist
olof olof
landes landes
interrate landfilled
interrato landfilled
semola semolina
jaspers jaspers
fabbricando fabricating
alois alois
convulsioni pangs
soprassalto pangs
rossa rossa
ostia ostia
interdipartimentale interdepartmental
deregolamentato deregulated
frammentano fragmenting
frammentare fragmenting
mozzarella mozzarella
concettualmente notionally
sprint spurt
soppiantando supplanting
koizumi koizumi
unrwa unrwa
extremis extremis
tormentate pricked
gerontologia gerontology
scacchiera chessboard
sperpero squandering
riequilibrare rebalance
olandesi dutchmen
pronosticare foretell
tempistiche timeframes
dassault dassault
estrela estrela
esaminatori evaluators
valutatori evaluators
inquisitore inquisitor
trapiantare implanting
tegucigalpa tegucigalpa
peltier peltier
dengue dengue
ump ump
pontificare pontificate
pontificato pontificate
cassis cassis
moura moura
cariddi charybdis
capriccioso petulant
rafah rafah
laissez laissez
latrine latrines
puntigliosi fastidious
cpn cpn
pilger pilger
giurano vowing
ennesima umpteenth
ennesimo umpteenth
maschilismo machismo
bessarabia bessarabia
odi hatreds
attenui softens
valenciennes valenciennes
avidamente greedily
capofitto greedily
allattano lactating
ruminanti ruminants
alleggerito lightened
alleviata lightened
invettiva tirade
provocatoriamente provocatively
egualitarismo egalitarianism
nasrallah nasrallah
stupratori rapists
jamil jamil
allarmismo scaremongering
microcredito microcredit
ruf ruf
ruy ruy
deplorare deplore
perpignan perpignan
abissale unfathomable
incubatori incubators
incubatrici incubators
osha osha
méndez méndez
thabo thabo
fiche fiche
truccato massaged
katerina katerina
chiazze slicks
disaggregazione unbundling
afflussi inflows
disincentivi disincentives
petits petits
riclassificare reclassify
vukovar vukovar
accusatori accusers
emanerà hedged
smobilitati demobilized
portacenere ashtray
idealisti idealists
rapimenti kidnappings
sequestri kidnappings
sanctorum holies
malevolenza vitriolic
csp csps
eni eni
euforica euphoric
euforico euphoric
docomo docomo
tacitamente tacitly
saccheggiatori looters
asettica aseptic
radovan radovan
poli poli
tep tep
tsl grt
melograni pomegranates
canario canarian
collettivizzazione collectivisation
riassegnati redeployed
ridistribuiti redeployed
spaventosamente appallingly
triplicare tripling
sfruttabili exploitable
metodicamente methodically
michèle michèle
protettori pimps
sfruttatori pimps
walid walid
nouveaux nouveaux
allawi allawi
carcassonne carcassonne
mongoli mongolians
brie brie
mortifica bungled
kader kader
kursk kursk
pacemaker pacemakers
yalta yalta
riaccende rekindling
riaccendersi rekindling
risuscitare rekindling
duopolio duopoly
ridefinizione redefinition
pittogrammi pictograms
docilmente meekly
núñez núñez
esimere absolve
interrelazioni interrelations
naziskin skinheads
assidua assiduous
etnologico ethnological
renzo renzo
fukuyama fukuyama
puglia apulia
mense canteens
aggressività aggressiveness
impudentemente brazenly
conurbazioni conurbations
ammanettati shackled
deterrenti deterrents
incontaminato uncontaminated
rsp rsp
linciati lynched
linciato lynched
ceausescu ceausescu
cavilli quibbles
crédit crédit
calunniose slanderous
diffamatorio slanderous
fiorini guilders
cotonou cotonou
brandelli tatters
frantumi tatters
accuratezza thoroughness
ribeira ribeira
interreg interreg
sardina sardine
sardine sardine
rosales rosales
yolanda yolanda
appesantimenti bloating
cagionato bankrupted
svilito defiled
gameti gametes
agitando agitating
assuefazione habituation
disattivare decommission
hager hager
vélez vélez
sparizioni disappearances
diossina dioxin
leyla leyla
rombo turbot
tarragona tarragona
stasi stasi
vercelli vercelli
immobilità immobility
gasteropodi gastropods
latif latif
manovrabilità manoeuvrability
cefalopodi cephalopod
avvelenamenti poisonings
intossicazioni poisonings
esclamazioni exclamations
kfor kfor
ricattare blackmailed
ricattato blackmailed
massacrano butchering
incoerenza incoherence
inetto spineless
saakashvili saakashvili
ods ods
sconfinamenti encroachments
assiduamente assiduously
burrascose tempestuous
tempestoso tempestuous
aborrire abhor
sentina bilge
jörg jörg
catalani catalans
decibel decibel
impertinente impertinent
disaggregati unbundled
disaggregato unbundled
castigare chastise
beazley beazley
digressioni digressions
disquisizioni digressions
divagazioni digressions
invalida invalidates
circumnavigare circumnavigate
correa correa
subiva sympathized
inguscezia ingushetia
jacek jacek
prizren prizren
informatori informers
pristina pristina
publique publique
fascicoli dossiers
ovulo ovum
sbalordisce boggles
clemenza leniency
indulgenza leniency
lennart lennart
vitoria vitoria
gracias gracias
sovraccaricare overburden
addizionalità additionality
massud masood
isfahan isfahan
lumumba lumumba
hélène hélène
timoniere helmsman
ricostituito redraft
kabila kabila
riaffiorare resurface
farouk farouk
iiib iiib
cofani bonnets
infedele disloyal
ridimensioni downsize
aromatici aromatics
agusta agusta
censurata censured
vive vive
dispotismo despotism
melchior melchior
commerciabilità marketability
ottenibili unobtainable
roxana roxana
abrogati abrogated
hic hic
galvanizzare galvanising
affarismo commercialism
mercantilismo commercialism
spe spe
preannunciare heralding
señor señor
fonzie fonzie
irriducibile unreconstructed
fustigare castigating
unclos unclos
sorvolo overflight
irrimediabili irremediable
nominalismo nominalism
coranica koranic
coraniche koranic
guterres guterres
vecchi vecchi
riattivazione reactivating
jiabao jiabao
osip osip
kumaratunga kumaratunga
solvibili creditworthy
perfida perfidious
decantato exalting
bavaresi bavarians
impollinatori pollinating
filariosi filariasis
elmar elmar
mazen mazen
ratko ratko
inquina pollutes
inquini pollutes
eeurope eeurope
beckenbauer beckenbauer
impronunciabile unmentionable
mutatis mutatis
risalta deigned
tamayo tamayo
polarizzare polarise
impoverire impoverish
genk genk
pomposamente pompously
inondano inundate
asociale asocial
sète sète
mca omc
rosati rosati
trascuratezza slipshod
aspe aspe
incontestabili incontestable
diktat diktat
segni segni
stigmatizzare stigmatising
bercy bercy
internazionalizzare internationalise
siliconi silicones
pudicamente coyly
demilitarizzazione demilitarisation
smilitarizzazione demilitarisation
seguro seguro
fab fabs
indivisibilità indivisibility
sonar sonars
intercomunicazione intercommunication
superbia haughtiness
stevia stevia
bcn ncbs
eluse sidestepped
maglioni pullovers
imbecilli imbeciles
democratizzato democratised
maltrattate maltreated
montalvo montalvo
chandrika chandrika
lisi lisi
rovesci rebuffs
aguzzini jailers
carcerieri jailers
ettolitri hectolitres
véronique véronique
plagio plagiarise
lesinare skimp
euroscetticismo euroscepticism
diserbanti weedkillers
sasi sasi
sbloccata unblocked
sbloccate unblocked
emarginano marginalize
zingari romanies
malpensa malpensa
amicus curiae
barlumi glimmers
sprazzi glimmers
demonizzare demonising
demonizzazione demonising
disidratazione dehydrating
brok brok
divulgando popularisation
madrasa madrasahs
jaruzelski jaruzelski
raynal raynal
sospensiva suspensive
sospensivo suspensive
tamino tamino
unodc unodc
vessatoria meddlesome
polonio polonium
depositari depositories
antonello antonello
affarista profiteer
profittatore profiteer
equidi equidae
ipotecando mortgaging
ipotecare mortgaging
sbarrata guillotined
provocatori provocateurs
bruegel brueghel
preconfezionati prepacked
alterchi altercations
viareggio viareggio
argentini argentinians
app jpa
egoisticamente egoistic
egoistiche egoistic
reietti pariahs
caretta caretta
oligopolistica oligopolistic
costituzionalista constitutionalist
costituzionalisti constitutionalist
scheveningen scheveningen
compenetrazione interpenetration
diktat diktats
agis agis
regolarizzare regularise
samo samo
rapisce abducts
computerizzazione computerization
informatizzazione computerization
plebisciti plebiscites
jaurès jaurès
arrende capitulating
capitola capitulating
inés inés
sfruttatore exploiter
climatologi climatologists
manipola juggles
ridistribuisce reshuffles
rimpasti reshuffles
regolarizzato regularized
perdonabile forgivable
mossadeq mossadeq
schreyer schreyer
geel geel
lahoud lahoud
preponderanti preponderant
atlete sportswomen
chiaroveggenti clairvoyants
progressismo progressivism
ideologi ideologists
ideologo ideologists
yilmaz yilmaz
garang garang
statalismo statism
cpmp cpmp
meda meda
interventismo interventionism
attrezzando armouring
politicizzare politicise
caravanserraglio caboodle
immemori unmindful
alber alber
nanterre nanterre
daghestan daghestan
sacrilegio profanation
demoralizzazione demoralization
sudeti sudeten
deragliamento derailing
mercantilismo mercantilism
ccr racs
ritardatari laggards
refrigeranti coolants
alterchi wrangles
condominio wrangles
esternalizzati externalised
lindh lindh
leitmotiv leitmotif
einaudi einaudi
kafkiana kafkaesque
kafkiano kafkaesque
rifugge recoils
restyling restyling
reinterpretando reinterpreting
reinterpretazione reinterpreting
macabra gruesomely
poso poso
deontologiche deontological
alogenati halogenated
abitabilità habitability
avvelenatore poisoner
angulo angulo
indissolubile indissoluble
inscindibilità indissoluble
kouchner kouchner
tindouf tindouf
commi subparagraphs
sottoparagrafo subparagraphs
interetnica interethnic
interetniche interethnic
interetnici interethnic
adige adige
superlavoro overworking
akim akim
disinvestimento disinvestment
russa russa
pev enp
ljudmila lyudmila
fassa fassa
omogeneizzazione homogenising
uniformando homogenising
macra macra
megawati megawati
probatorio probative
benes benes
tranquillanti tranquillizers
smilitarizzazione demilitarization
izetbegovic izetbegovic
bouteflika bouteflika
hristo hristo
marco deutschmark
decontaminare decontaminate
decontaminazione decontaminate
purificare decontaminate
bini bini
dispera despairs
mif mif
industrializzare industrialise
ngawang ngawang
rovaniemi rovaniemi
fluorurati fluorinated
berlinesi berliners
acume astuteness
sistematizzata systematised
moscoviti muscovites
sqa eqs
fyrom fyrom
michelis michelis
igad igad
succhiano guzzling
fiorini nlg
vivai despoil
reino reino
asfissiante nitpicking
particolarismo particularism
agglomerati agglomerations
penosamente fastidiously
ogoni ogoni
prefazione prefacing
heysel heysel
infiammando inflaming
inimicizie enmities
rivalutata reappraised
universalizzazione universalisation
jihad jihadist
jihadista jihadist
jihadisti jihadist
malo abysmally
insidiosamente insidiously
subdolamente insidiously
ripopolare repopulate
istituzionalizzare institutionalise
espansionistica expansionary
espansivi expansionary
matera matera
ingombro encumbrance
convergenze convergences
ravalomanana ravalomanana
idriss idriss
extraterritoriale extraterritorial
extraterritoriali extraterritorial
andreotti andreotti
bassam bassam
ekaterinburg ekaterinburg
gaborone gaborone
alde alde
policentrica polycentric
policentrico polycentric
zloty pln
tornio tornio
itc jti
abdicando abdicating
kostunica kostunica
contestabili contestable
clarín clarín
wilfredo wilfredo
flagellata scourged
flagelli scourges
piaghe scourges
karamanlis karamanlis
mendieta mendieta
ricalcolo recalculation
velleitarie irresolute
riaccesa reignited
internalizzare internalising
meticolosi finicky
pignola finicky
scontentare displease
atocha atocha
consanguineità consanguinity
sommes sommes
farmacologicamente pharmacologically
gbagbo gbagbo
devolve funnelling
euskadi euskadi
rehn rehn
chisinau chisinau
addolcire sweetening
tenzin tenzin
terni terni
evin evin
gollisti gaullists
pagano pagano
nihilo nihilo
moratorie moratoria
servilismo servility
cabilia kabylie
prognosi prognoses
scientismo scientism
turingia thüringen
katyn katyn
depaupera depletes
mieux mieux
scortesia discourtesy
communautaire communautaire
ossa bonemeal
naturalizzazioni conferral
ecevit ecevit
riformulare reformulate
aom aom
esterrefatto dumbstruck
patrie patrie
